Copywriting - Ad Rewriting Session
Date: 2022-10-07T18:23:44.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: SmzSlEeYZ2r9Y1eaydRLeFXjf9I
---

[0:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Here we are, here we are. Oh, this is exciting. This is fun. This is my favorite times. Everybody in here. Wow. What an amazing group of people. amazing group of people in here. Hello, beautiful, amazing people join the live, I'm posting in the group right now join the live zoom chair.

[10:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Excited for those that are here. This is kind of like a supplement

[11:16] Speaker 0: to the main program.

[12:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And really what this is, is what we do right in this type of time together is very similar to what I spend a lot of time with. One on One clients with his with a one on one client, we're focused on their copy their ads, and then you know, mindset and we kind of split it between like 30%, mindset 60%, copy and ads. And that's what that's what one on one coaching is. And I'm excited because I just had a one on one session with Angie. And I have one today with Nathan. And she did, she didn't even tell me that she did $5,000 in sales off of her first live event on a $500 ad spend Nathan Fischer to 12 that 12,000 in sales. So it's working, which is awesome. And I want to see it working for everybody. I want to see it start to come together for everybody. And so that's why that's why we're here for these sessions is to help you again, keep posting in the group. Keep sharing in the group. I'm going live right here in the group, I want to make sure I'm actually going live in the right group. Um, okay. You are now being live streamed everybody except that there is another lesson of copywriting mastery being posted today. It's a it's a pretty long lesson. But it really like breaks down more on the foundations of the pa s framework problem agitate solution and the ADA framework and as well as really looking at your cubs score. For those of you that have gone through my mom's training again, she teaches a lot of that as well. The cubs score is so important. Is your copy confusing, unbelievable, or boring. And what it is, is we want the lowest number on that we want it not to be confusing not to be unbelievable not to be boring. And sometimes I'll be like your copy is boring. I'm not meaning that like you're boring and you're bad. But it's like, like it's it's high on the boring scale. And if your copy is boring, it's not going to do anything. If your copy is unbelievable to the prospect, it's not going to work. And so, again, I'm not going to recap what I taught and that lesson is really good. It was really a great training. I'm excited to post it in the members area later here today. So we're gonna go over who has copy that they want to looked at here on the call.

[54:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Looks like Lila. Lila has some. Or is it Lila? Lila?

[56:51] Speaker 2: Lila? I go also answered Lila because everybody calls me Lila.

[58:09] Speaker 0: I gotcha. Yeah. Awesome. Okay.

[58:48] Speaker 2: Everyone calls you Jeremy instead of Jeremiah. Yeah.

[59:39] Speaker 0: All right.

[60:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so And listen, if I'm not able to get to everybody, again posted in the group, and I'll make sure to at least comment in the group with some thoughts and stuff on that. Lie Lila Lila. Sorry, Leila.

[64:02] Speaker 2: Okay, all right.

[64:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, what's your link that you want to look at? What's the copy that you want us to go over? Or what are we working on? What's What are we working on?

[66:04] Speaker 2: Okay, this is like, this is the very first thing I did. I know. It's made like it's very first thing I did. It's only an a preview. So the if the link hopefully will work. And it's basically my mentor genius offer code product. And because I already have it, I still want to release it

[70:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't work because it's a preview.

[71:19] Speaker 2: It doesn't work. Can I share screen then? Yes. Okay, awesome. Thanks. Let

[72:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: me give you the ability to share your screen. There you go.

[74:14] Speaker 2: You are a rock star. Thank you.

[74:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Yep, share your screen. Let's take a look at this. Can

[76:00] Speaker 2: you see it? Yes. So this is this is the copy a sales page for a $27 PDF. And it was like my first attempt to create a product and And I understand like, eventually I'm going to move more into challenges and having the higher ticket but this was like my first attempt. Yeah. And then the copy is kind of more there. Okay.

[83:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you scroll down? Let me see. So this is what you're going to offer people, right?

[85:02] Speaker 2: This is this is the Yeah, this is a sales page for a low ticket offer. Do they get any videos with it? They don't get but I'm thinking of adding a video with it.

[88:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would, I would add two videos, I think two would be really good. Because then that value, it's like, it's a no brainer. Now when you got to and they don't need to be long either. They could literally also just be you talking about what the book is? Keep it simple.

[92:25] Speaker 2: Do you mean videos on the sales pitch?

[93:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: No videos on what you're selling them? Okay, got it. Yeah, like you sell basically take what what the book is and then just talk about it on video. And then call that like a mini class. And now you got to you got a bonus class on video along with this that they get. Now the value went up by like three to five times. Right? For almost no additional effort, you're just talking on camera and sharing content you've already created. So So that's a way for all of you as far as just with your offers go. And you can add like little bonuses and stuff and the value goes up. Okay, let's let's take a look at go to the top. Because here's the thing, when when we're talking about landing pages and copy, um, people judge it based off of what they see at the top here. I like where it says author, speaker, creative strategist. minted genius author code.

[108:51] Speaker 2: trademark. So it's actually as trademarked. We have a trademark application, and then it'll go to our it'll be registered as opposed to Tam. Okay, I had I had to do it that way. Because like the lawyers needed a sample where I actually have tam on it. Okay. Could that be a headline instead of the cuz I have the crush the three pillars of a successful author career? Yeah,

[117:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that that needs to be the first thing they see is crush the three pillars of a successful author career. Yeah. And then I would even so right, right here, you're talking about your story, I would talk about their story. And their, you know, you've select what is the end goal that they want, by the end of this?

[122:35] Speaker 2: They want to be inspired to create hot commercial fiction and actually, you know, right, basically, my tagline is right, refine and sell like a boss. Okay?

[126:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so you teaching them how to write or how to sell with this.

[126:58] Speaker 2: That's kind of, okay. Having been a development, executive and television, the selling starts even with the idea. So basically, what I'm teaching him is to think like an author that sells from the moment that they start thinking about which idea to do, how to execute it. So if you can't sell like, in my world, you can't separate the selling from the writing.

[132:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, I'm gonna pause you there. That's true. But your prospect doesn't know that. Right?

[134:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So even though that's true, and this is the place where you got to speak the language of the prospect, or it becomes confusing to them, they're like, I don't have something to sell. Why am I wanting to learn how to sell I just want to learn to go. So is it more geared towards I guess it's worth thinking about? Where are people on their journey? Do they have a book written yet? Or not? I guess they don't have a book written yet. Right? So

[140:55] Speaker 2: it's oftentimes like a book written in five books not written then like it's there. Like every author is in these three, these three parts of being an author, okay. All the time.

[143:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So so, so a lot of them are. Do you have people that you've worked with already on this?

[146:08] Speaker 2: I, I've consulted for screenwriters. And I have, I've taught people like in the early stages of writing, but I've also consulted for like high end startups on major shows.

[149:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm not trying to ask and I'm not asking you these questions to like, validate your methodology or anything wrong at all, I'm worried. What's most effective for your offer copy that's going to connect with who's going to pay you for this. Um, so like you said, I'm thinking, who's going to pay you for this? Yeah. Is the one who they maybe they have some books written. They have some manuscripts, they have some ideas, but they haven't really gotten the, to take the steps to become successful. Does that sound about

[158:32] Speaker 2: right? Yeah, probably true. Yeah.

[159:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Um, let me let me take control of your page. Hear,

[160:23] Speaker 0: it will let me I didn't know we could

[161:20] Speaker 2: do that. This is just a preview do do I need to move it to the other?

[162:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nope, this is fine. Okay, so this is really good

[167:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is a little bit confusing.

[168:43] Speaker 0: Um,

[169:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: shift your thinking about and you could put maybe promotion and sales from dread to strategic abundance and then turn your, you could say turn your own, quote author hero's journey. So instead of otherwise, it sounds like you're talking about the book they're actually writing, turn your own, quote, author hero's journey, those are just little tweaks that will help it be less confusing.

[175:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah this or not sure adds to it, especially since we know that there might be apprehensive to sales tips

[181:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: comes with two bonuses, then we want to talk about those bonuses. When it comes to getting your books out there. You need to know how to reach people how to get them to read your book. And you need to know the best resources for you to grow. I'm gonna give you both of those, my list of my top seven books on writing to help you become a better writer like and so you're gonna go into detail as to what those bonuses are. And then a bonus on how to reach people get your book read because that's the thing, get your book read is what they really want. They want their book read by people impacting people, people crying over their book Making tic TOCs about it and becoming a famous author. And so tapping into that emotion and really speaking to that is going to be also an important part of some of this copy here. I think you did really good right here as far as like what you're going to discover. So that's really good. I like these. Um, this is where I would maybe tell their story back to them a little bit more before, like I would just add a line into here. That is, um, let me let me read this real quick. And then I'm going to circle background as an author, I

[203:44] Speaker 0: only discovered. Okay, don't let that be you.

[206:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, so that's a really good call to action line. And that's I would, what I want is I want to set up to that. And it's just like, as you as a storyteller, you understand this, that's the, that's like, the the end of the story is right here, we need to bridge them to the end of that story, by inviting them into it and talking about the struggle that they're having, and talking about the goal they have. And I would place that in between here, which has crushed the three pillars of successful author career. Something along the lines of I'm gonna, what I'm gonna say is going to be really bad. So don't write this down on your page. Here's part of my copywriting process is I start with terrible copy. And then I refine it. Something that expresses the fact of like, okay, you want to get your book out there, you want to be a successful author, you've tried, you've struggled, it's not working. And so how do we paint that picture? Does that make sense? Yeah, how would you paint that picture and put it in here. And then you would say, you know, my name is Lila rose. And as an author and TV series creator, I've conquered the same creative challenges that you're going through as well. And so what that is, is shows your experience, you're saying the same thing, but you're sharing your experience in that. You're, you're, you're sharing your unique methodology in this, but how do we bridge the gap between where they are and where you're going to bring them by identifying that problem that they have? Yeah, can you copy this into the chat real quick? I'm sure Yeah, copy this text into the chat. And I'm going to I'm going to pull back on the screen sharing. So this is this is the process that we do with all of our or sales copywriting is is exactly what I'm walking you through right now. Okay. Perfect. So it's in the chat. It's an I'm gonna pull it into here real quick.

[244:26] Speaker 2: Folks, I'm in the wrong browser

[245:41] Speaker 3: you see it in the chat because I can't

[246:58] Speaker 0: I don't.

[247:24] Speaker 2: Okay, let me try it again

[250:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you, your offer is really solid. Overall, I think it's a real need that people have. You're gonna what we're you're gonna find a real like level of genius when writing copy is taking what you know about storytelling. And you bring it into telling the story of the offer. It becomes an invitation in like you said, their own hero's journey. But you're that mentor that supernatural aid that they're looking to, to help take them to that next level. And so essentially, this is the way I see it is you know, your prospect is like, what's the favorite story of yours that you like Lila, of like the hero's journey?

[260:53] Speaker 2: Like one of my favorite hero's journeys? Yeah. Wow, there's so many. Well, obviously, you know, you can't get a better hero's journey than Harry Potter because it combines your own journeys. Perfect.

[264:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who's your Yeah, who's your favorite kind of character that you would like relate to your, your, your target prospect with? Literally, this is how we've developed copy for a lot of our clients as I tie it to movies and books.

[268:32] Speaker 2: Well, I probably my favorite actual author that I'm probably most likely to be Janet Evanovich actually, because she combines romance humor adventure.

[270:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: They get in Harry Potter, which when Harry Potter would identify with maybe your target prospect,

[272:11] Speaker 2: which will probably Hermione would be closest because she's such a girl. Yeah,

[274:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: go. Yep. So the idea is her Hermione is you want to imagine that she's coming to your your page. And she wants to grow in the in all the skills and magic and wizardry of getting her stories out there. How do you draw her into that narrative? And literally, that's what you think about when you write your copy.

[281:00] Speaker 2: Okay, so much more fun in the process.

[282:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how I think about all the copy that I write is as as essentially I see all of you as like, I love Star Wars. So Luke Skywalker is the one I always like, you know, oh, my

[284:52] Speaker 2: god. That was my second choice.

[285:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Luke Skywalker, Luke.

[285:44] Speaker 2: Star Wars, but I think I'm talking about both. Yeah. I mean, come on Star Wars. George Lucas's hero story of getting it made. Yeah. Yes. He was in love with Joseph Campbell. Yeah, there was a Canadian little documentary that he that had the force in it like,

[291:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I know. I'm a nerd with all this stuff, too. I love it in irresistible offers that sell I break down in chapter 14 all about this. I go into this in depth, and I'm bringing some of it into the copywriting mastery course, I need to bring more of it into there because it's so important for you to connect with your prospect to make them real. And I think that movies and books and novels, the storytelling coaching is the Star Wars narrative. As literally what what coaching is, what a course business is, it's the Star Wars narrative. Because your prospect is Luke, and there might be at a transitionary period in their life to where maybe everything went really bad for them, they lost their family, whatever. And now they're wanting to grow and they're wanting to step into a new adventure and you're they're saying hey, I can take you on that next adventure and I'm going to teach you how to use the force you know whatever your thing is, you know for Monica you're the force is your makeup for Lila it's your How do you promote your books and how do you get your book written and so whatever that is, you can translate the the narratives of Star Wars Lord of the Rings Harry Potter into your your offer creation and then when you write from that perspective, your sales copy connects with people on a much more emotional level. The same way that movies and film and books books do okay? So that's that's a big part of this and so I don't want what I want to figure out is that's, that's what's missing from your from your landing page. Is like diving into and that's that's what I love about this. This recipe right here

[320:12] Speaker 3: Is

[320:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: it it helps break down the fears and frustrations. What keeps them up the fear of not being good enough the fear of not writing a great American, not American novel, not living up to expectations.

[323:41] Speaker 3: Right. Wow.

[324:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Jasper just generated all of that off of I literally copied your text right here. And it's coming up with this and starting to help us tell that story. Right, so one, one thing that I like to do too, is since you kind of already have some of your headlines written, I'm going to remove this section and we're going to go down to this part, and see what it comes up with as a backstory. The fear of not being good enough was crippling me as an author, I was frustrated with not being able to break through and publish my work. This sounds like your prospects. I didn't give up though, I knew that I had a story to tell. And I was determined to find a way I struggled for years to find a new solution. I tried every technique, that one day I had a breakthrough and came up with a new way to write and was inspired by my own experiences. My writing was more authentic. My ideas flowed freely. Finally, I have a published work became a best seller. So the idea is this right here is the hero's journey of your of your best case scenario, prospect.

[341:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah. And so you could you could actually even just take this right here, copy this again, back into the recipe and see what kind of headlines it comes up with.

[344:35] Speaker 2: I need to get faster to have this access, right? It's boss mode. Oh, boss mode. Okay, Jasper. bossman. Okay, got

[346:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: boss mode, and then it gives you the recipes that you can pull up. So like under community recipes, they have all these different recipes. They have a hero's journey outline recipe right here. Okay, great. This one's epic. I, when I'm really stuck with a prospect, I will take their coaching, throw it into here and create a narrative that has a story arc of like, there's a whole bunch of like, all these questions that it fills in, and it helps me come up with even better ideas based off of the narrative that I'm trying to sell. I'm trying to tell, and then I tried to correlate it to what's a movie that connected with people that had a similar narrative. One of my clients, Rick Pitino, his two narratives for his musicians, were Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and the Avengers. And what's crazy is, those are Rick pinos, two favorite cartoons and superhero movies. He used to always joke around like we're building the Avengers, and like he loves Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. And so it's so interesting that the copy narrative for his offer was sold the same way that he was like helping build these Avengers and build these groups of people to do that. And so that's why storytelling is such an important part of being able to do this again, the biggest thing that you're helping people with Yeah, it looks like those those fears that people have and this is where I like because I'll break this down right here into Jasper.

[371:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, obviously, not all of this is relevant, right, but right PS it's hard to be an author you can write well come up with ideas. It can be frustrating to be able to break through you feel like you're not good enough. demented genius code will define your what let's see. Okay, so I would rewrite this and take all of this and kind of use this to jog my memory and I would create a new line and I would go like this here's I'll turn that off. I'll put my mom's name in here because it writes copy really well when I put her name in there

[381:47] Speaker 2: oh my god, you can put down a voice in it. Yeah. Oh my god.

[382:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can put your favorite authors in there too. Oh, Lee. Um, yeah.

[384:53] Speaker 2: I will resist the temptation to use Yodas voice

[385:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, this this will be fun watch this.

[386:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Write a headline too. Connect with authors who wants to learn how to get their books read in Yodas voice thinking you stumped it know what ends up happening is sometimes it gets stuck and this is where like writing copy can become really fun is when you kind of make it more like how do you tell that story? How do you tell that narrative? See what I'm so curious

[397:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: um yeah, by putting Milo's name in there, it's not going to know I like her voice not yet.

[401:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, my name doesn't do anything, but my mom's does because she has so much content out there. So here's the thing. I'm going to actually take your headline and see what it can write off of this crush the three pillars of a successful author career.

[407:28] Speaker 2: No, that didn't work. I mean, that would work if it was overcome. Yeah, the three challenges. Which is actually not a bad idea.

[411:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I guess Have You Ever Have you ever wanted to? Is it as best seller or a good one?

[413:13] Speaker 2: I mean, I've created things that have sold around the world, but I don't yet consider myself a best selling author, which is why I avoided that.

[414:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's okay, though. You don't have to be. Have you worked with bestselling authors?

[416:24] Speaker 2: I mean, I've worked with screenwriters that are in major shows and Okay.

[417:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you ever wanted to write

[418:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could just say your own best selling novel, but filth and then we'll press compose and see what it comes up with.

[423:38] Speaker 2: Yeah, thinks we're overcoming things. Monica, to answer your question, you have to be able to write you have to know how to refine and you have to know how to sell those are the three major areas which is why my tagline is usually right refine and sell like a boss

[429:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: so again, so this sounds like it's a little bit would this be to further back in there? This will be someone who maybe hasn't put pen to paper yet and hasn't started yet.

[432:46] Speaker 2: Yeah, but most people know that you have to write it you have to edit it, which is the refining process and then you have to sell it. Okay, that would just kind of to meet to me. I mean, I think Monica that's a great question but to me anyone who doesn't know that is probably vaguely thinking they one day want to write a novel but yeah, it's like my clients are a little bit further

[439:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect which is that's super important to understand that and so so they understand they have to write a book they understand the writing process right

[442:03] Speaker 2: yeah wow, this is like it's reread it's rewiring my brain

[447:12] Speaker 0: felt held back by

[449:35] Speaker 2: you know, they're often held back by the very thing Luke was held back was like it which is a critical authority figure telling them you know, go work on the fireman you know, don't run off and

[452:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what's super cool is you can put that into this content brief section right here.

[453:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Most authors feel held back by critical so it'll filter it through whatever's in here. authority figure who What did you say?

[456:43] Speaker 2: Um, who tells them to stay where they are and not grow? yep

[459:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, okay, so now what this is going to do is it's going to base it off of this but it's going to strongly weight it towards what you put here.

[462:03] Speaker 0: We're gonna put keywords successful. novel

[464:01] Speaker 2: and monitor I see your tracks all those things are true, doubt fear confusion

[470:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: something along those lines could be like

[471:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're talking about, you know,

[472:51] Speaker 2: fear and doubts.

[473:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or maybe have someone in your life telling you not to step out and go after your dreams but you know,

[475:59] Speaker 2: that you want to be more like getting there. Yeah. People don't realize how hard it is to do right. Until they do it. True. Yep. What's

[481:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's crazy? Hi, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you something funny. This is more just personal, not relevant to this. I find it easier to write fiction than nonfiction. I can literally, like, I have to 20,000 word, beginnings of novels written. But then I got stuck halfway through because I was like, I don't want to finish this. I realized I ended up processing through my own issues while writing a novel. But when it comes to writing a nonfiction book, for some reason, I do better speaking it and I have a harder time writing that. It's funny how like, I think it's because like, I have no like, I don't care if a novel is well, well written or not. So I remove all the pressure when I'm writing in that way.

[494:18] Speaker 2: Sorry, that you're meant to finish tends to be very compelling, it's almost impossible to ignore the story that you're meant True.

[496:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: True. Yes. And I found that each each time I start a story, and then stop it, I borrow from that previous story and start a new one. So I got to, I don't think they're compelling enough for me to finish either of them. But I think one day I will.

[500:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what I would do. Crush the three pillars of successful author career, have you ever wanted to be a successful published author, but felt held back, maybe someone in your life is telling you to step out in your dreams, but you know, that you want to and need help getting there, you're not alone, many successful authors have faced similar challenges. But the good news is there's ways to overcome these obstacles. My name is Lila

[505:48] Speaker 3: see rose.

[506:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And as an author and TV series creator, I've conquered the creative challenges. So right here, what you have is great, but we want it but all we needed to do is just kind of connect it to where they're coming from. And and so that's a big part of writing your copy for all of you is connecting the dots to where they're coming from to where they're going. All right. Yeah, I'm gonna go to somebody else now, but hopefully that was helpful right there. Very cool. And I want to break that down even more in the in the copywriting mastery course, we're gonna go over that even more in there as well. All right, Tina.

[516:16] Speaker 3: Tina. Hello. Hello. Um, I put a link in the Facebook group. Yes. Under the zoom, Link, yes. Let me go. And all mine is right now is the copy pretty or anything,

[522:53] Speaker 0: doesn't need to be done doesn't need to be at all.

[524:25] Speaker 3: You'll find this here. And this is really stepping out of my comfort zone. And great job. Very nervous. So

[526:48] Speaker 0: you're doing great.

[527:52] Speaker 3: You guys are all so supportive.

[528:48] Speaker 0: Yes. Everybody is very supportive.

[529:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so that's the thing, like when you see me, like if I'm criticizing your copy, it's nothing to take personally, it's nothing to feel like, Oh, I did something wrong or bad or just part of that process, you

[532:29] Speaker 3: know? Right. And that's what I have to keep reminding myself.

[533:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, setting boundaries is the key to a stress free holiday season getting started. I mean, let me pull it up on the screen.

[536:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: setting boundaries the key to a stress free holiday season getting started setting healthy boundaries for more peace time freedom.

[538:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you looking forward to the holidays but also have a sense of dread? Don't fret Okay.

[541:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: i It's funny, y'all are doing really good with this section right here. What's cool is this section is actually not hard to write. Because you can actually like you just literally type out what you're going to share with people in this section. And it doesn't have to be super, like persuasive.

[546:16] Speaker 0: So I love this. You did great right here. This is great.

[547:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you borrowed from the design of what we've done. Here's what I see here. So I see some ice actually see some really great copy here. You did

[549:54] Speaker 0: really good.

[550:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: The the arrangement of the copy is what needs to change. And so this is usually where most people beginning writing copy. They have all the right puzzle pieces, but they're just not in the right order. So let's reorder some of these puzzle pieces a little bit. I actually think that you're like 90% of the way there.

[556:15] Speaker 3: Oh what you're saying? Yeah, like, like, Where does this go and there's a flow right.

[558:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let me ask you this. It's it's, it sounds like you You're wanting to help people. Explain to me describe to me your target customer a

[561:13] Speaker 3: little bit. Well, my target customer is the busy mom. Yep. Who, especially during the holidays, they're so worried about doing everything for their kids having, you know, doing this, this activity for their kid and they don't do anything for themselves. Okay, they tried to add that in, and it's just way too much, and they have no time and they're frazzled. And I was thinking of when you were talking about stories, I was thinking of home alone, yeah, where they end up leaving their kid behind, because they're so frazzled, because they're doing too much.

[570:48] Speaker 0: So good. That's such a great idea.

[571:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what I here's what I love here. So check this out, we have this little otter AI that's in here.

[573:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's connected to the Zoom meeting. And our little robot just transcribed what you just said.

[577:14] Speaker 2: While you were talking. That's so cool.

[578:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Otter AI is such a cool tool, because look at while I'm talking. It's transcribing everything that I'm saying right here, as I'm now able to take this into Jasper. And that's how I come up with the notes for what each lesson is about. Because then I have Jasper create a topical list of what's talked about, which is super cool. But while we're doing sessions like this, oftentimes, I like using this because what you just said was actually really good copy, you actually spoke some copy that wasn't on your page. And sometimes that's what happens when you get into like conversations like this, is we end up speaking out copy better than what we come up with when we're sitting in front of the page when we're sitting in front of the piece of paper. And so sometimes what I like to do for writing copy is I will open up otter AI, have a conversation with the client about their copy, and then have them just answer the questions back and forth. And then we take the transcripts into Jasper, and it starts to craft the perfect headlines based off of how you said it.

[596:13] Speaker 3: Then that's pretty cool. That's very cool.

[596:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's another tool that you can use in your tool belt to do to do some of

[597:50] Speaker 3: this. And I didn't use Jasper for

[598:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can I can tell you did

[601:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't have enough time to get everything done. What's up,

[602:18] Speaker 3: I was just gonna say it's so nice what to put things in articulate things better.

[603:28] Speaker 0: Yeah. So I'm just gonna see what this comes up with. Interestingly enough,

[606:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: you so this is here's what I like, in here. This is not even close to your offer that you put. But what you said, identified which and I like to do as I'm reading between the lines of what you said, what we're really talking about here in your offer, is people feeling like they lack the ability to provide for their loved ones, whether it be with time or resources. And time is just as valuable of a resource. And so the idea of setting boundaries is realizing it's an A, it's helping them get into an abundance mindset. It's helping them get into realizing that they do have enough time. And that they don't have to say yes to everything.

[619:17] Speaker 0: Right. And so what's

[619:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting is what you said right here, it's going into like budget, but really, we're translating budget in our English language as being monetary. You're actually teaching people how to budget their time better. So that copy actually is relevant to what you're helping people with. overworked overwhelmed,

[626:38] Speaker 0: set healthy boundaries.

[627:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're tired of feeling overworked, overwhelmed and frustrated trying to juggle it all. So what I like to do is I will literally go through here and almost exactly what the PHAs problem agitate solution. And the AI DA is I'll rework that into my headline. So the holidays are coming up.

[634:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is for mostly for women, right? Right. What's the word we want to use?

[638:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: The most wonderful and sometimes stressful time of the year. That's what I was looking for. The holidays are coming up, how can the woman who can do it all handle the most wonderful and stressful time of the year? The answer is, with some serious self care and boundary setting like that. So we were able to take what you said verbally, pull that into here. And then what you wrote on your copy, and then rerun it back through, and then start to rewrite what this Ada was right here. And now you can use this, the holidays are coming up. So this is a great headline, like set for your page. Because now your reader wants to read more, they want to dive deeper into what you're talking about. And now this is where I would then go into

[650:58] Speaker 4: what you wrote.

[651:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then what you wrote is

[652:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: get started setting healthy boundaries, have more time for it and have fun this holiday season, even if you're a people pleaser. And so what are you offering them in this? And what are they buying?

[656:25] Speaker 3: I'm offering a two hour zooming tensive

[657:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it free? Yes. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah, perfect. So,

[659:05] Speaker 0: um, let's see.

[659:53] Speaker 3: And I also want them to realize that it's okay for them to do things for themselves to, to, you know, not do everything for the kids, but also set time, so they have time to

[664:19] Speaker 3: spend with their girlfriends, feel guilty about it. Or even their husband have a date with their husband, you know,

[666:48] Speaker 0: that's a great idea.

[667:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what you just said, watch this.

[668:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go back to otter

[670:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you guys can do what I'm doing right now in your own process. And maybe you might have somebody on your team or a friend even that you could do a zoom call with and just say, Hey, I'm gonna use this transcript thing I want to talk through an idea with you. And and that will literally help you pull this stuff out of you. What I found is that copywriting for sales copy is written better. In tos. When you can write copy with a friend and bounce ideas off back and forth, the copy becomes five to 10 times greater than sitting there with writer's block, trying to come up with it on your own. It's very interesting how that works. When my mom and I write copy together, she could write copy on her own, I could write copy on my own, when we come together, it's like 16x quality, because we're where are we actually literally I believe we get into like this energy mind meld where we start to like, like, it's just weird. And like, I feel it inside of me even like the energy stirring up and like, this excitement and like, that's when we know we've hit it. I've literally written I've written copy with my mom and with Rick and with Joshua. And we've done this as their consulting clients of mine, and I will literally, I'll, it's funny, I'm gonna say this, I'll liken it to almost feeling like I'm high like, I like I smoked weed. Like, I will literally feel high like a drug high off of getting off of writing the copy. Because it's so good, because it's so like, it feels like you're watching your favorite movie, and you feel that emotion inside of you. That's when you know, you've hit it with your copy, especially when you tap into with empathy. Because your idea is you want your prospect to feel that when they see the page. And so when you can have the prospect feel that emotional connection,

[702:52] Speaker 0: it tables, it's really, really helpful.

[703:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I'm going to copy this right here from otter AI, and we're going to paste that above this line right here. The idea is anything that's like above it, it uses about 800 words of that backwards. And then it borrows that and it filters its artificial intelligence into

[709:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you're doing. And so then what I'll do is I will actually say, you'll discover how to we'll talk why you're worthy of setting boundaries you're tired of feeling overworked, overwhelmed. Get started this holiday season with healthy boundary. So then we could take some of this right here. We're going to put that in there. Put those three stars right there. And I'm gonna see what it comes up with right here is an interactive workshop to come. Yeah, that's actually pretty cool. So builds Yeah, see, I don't I don't feel like you have to like say this in the copy, I think I think this is actually pretty good right here. And this is a little bit shorter than what you came up with. If you want to go deeper into some of this that's where Okay, let's copy this right here

[733:43] Speaker 0: because it's free.

[734:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: For this type of a thing you might want to test out. I'm going with like shorter copy like this for a free thing.

[736:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: holidays are coming up. How do you handle the most stressful time of year serious self care and boundary setting? It can be frustrating to juggle and feel like you don't have time for the things you enjoy. Wouldn't it be nice to actually have some time? Oh, here we go. We'll pull it up into here you already had it written? Have some time for yourself? What if you could spend time with your girlfriends and not feel guilty about it, or even go on a date with your husband during this time and not feel like it has to wait until January?

[747:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, so that's literally like the experience of your target prospect right there. So we were able to pull in there through this, some of that and now I think that this is really good offer copy that you

[750:09] Speaker 0: can use right there. Awesome. Okay, it's so amazing. I'm gonna put that

[751:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I'm gonna I'm gonna send that to you as well. I'm also going to send Lila hers after this. I'll email you guys. Okay, thank you so much. Awesome. All right. Makita. You have your hand raised earlier. Let's take a look at yours.

[756:15] Speaker 5: Yes, um, I put my head down because my signal was acting choppy. So I couldn't. I was nervous.

[758:07] Speaker 0: I hear you good. Okay,

[758:40] Speaker 5: so I was just first I was trying to figure out which which program we're using, but I think rock the Boston because I say there's so many options. Which one? Did we do the trial and paid for? It's the boss. Yeah, yeah. So I'm in there. And then I just went in right to the template because I was trying to follow as you were going, and just put in the title question how virtual assistants can double their fees in one week? It started

[766:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: by No, tell me what you were saying. Sorry.

[767:06] Speaker 5: Oh, no, I was just saying that I was just reading literally when it started generating based on the content I didn't put much in here right now. I just literally put virtual assistants, business administrators and coordinators just to see what it would populate and just started hitting the compose in there. Just to see what the outcome would be. I'm trying to really build a good story. Because I know that you mentioned that you know, stories are the thing and then I don't know but I have something that's exciting. You know, like the Star Wars things when it comes to money. Does everybody on the Transformers girl?

[776:41] Speaker 0: Yeah, there you go. Boom.

[778:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Love it transformers. This is awesome. You know, I had a dream. This is This is funny. It's gonna make me cry.

[781:15] Speaker 0: I don't know why I'm crying.

[782:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had a dream to where I wanted everybody in my coaching group to tell me what their favorite movie or storyline was. And so like y'all are telling me that right now on this, which is really cool. So because the better I understand that, the better I can actually write copy to attract more clients. And so I'm thinking like, Harry Potter transformers again. love both of those as well. Um, this school Sorry, I'm like, choked up.

[790:56] Speaker 5: No, that's really cool. Because our does it just speaks to confirmation more of this is what you're supposed to do. And I think that she just received a vision of what today's session was going to be like ahead of time, so I would get teary eyed as well. Yeah.

[794:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'm seeing a vision of like the next the next year. That's pretty exciting. So So anyways, for you for your offer. What's gonna really help you again is going through this recipe right? Hear

[800:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: the offer copy for course creators, coaches, authors and trainers. Okay, answering those questions of like, who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer? What's your methodology? And then what's the optimal best case scenario? And then you let boss mode answer these questions right here. Okay, so that's gonna help you a whole lot. All right. Awesome. Monica. I know you raised yah, yah, yah, yah. And keep, keep asking questions. I love your questions. McCade. Is it Makita? Makeda? How do I say

[810:50] Speaker 5: Nikita? Ke y Makita? Okay, awesome.

[811:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I love it. Every time you ask questions, it's like it unlock something in me. So keep asking as well. Thank you. Every time you ask questions and unlock something, honestly, it does. I selfishly like, it's funny. I just want people to ask as many questions as possible. That's why when people were like, Oh, I don't want to bother you with my questions. Jeremiah. I was like, that's what I want you to do.

[818:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I might not answer them right away. Like I know this. This week. I took a couple days to answer people's stuff, but it helps me a whole lot when you guys ask questions. All right, Monica.

[821:31] Speaker 6: Mine's in Jasper right now. And it's kind of choppy. Okay. Um,

[822:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: share your screen. Sure. Perfect.

[823:55] Speaker 6: I'm stressed. Listen.

[824:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Every every every body who writes copy in this business, writes, choppy, crappy copy.

[827:37] Speaker 6: Yeah, you know, you think I'd be used to it? Because I've been in your mom's VIPs before? No, you're good. And now I will tell you. I don't even know a copy was and I was submitting some stuff. I got the I know that tough love. So quick. I got FastTrack. But I'd still makes me nervous. Like every time and I just always funny.

[832:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's funny. You say that? Because I'm like, I'm a little bit softer than my mom is.

[834:30] Speaker 6: I'm used to it by now.

[835:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm realizing I need to be a little bit more of that tough love like she is to

[836:07] Speaker 6: Oh, 100% Because I think you're honest. I think it's a good balanced. And I will tell you, it made me sack up. There's no other way to say that. Pack up and maybe pick Okay, so I'd be like taking notes like this tearing up and I'm like, Oh, crap. You're right.

[840:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: But let me let me see what you got. Let me

[841:26] Speaker 6: doesn't matter so much. I think everyone you know what I mean? Like, we work so hard. And when you're that close to something, so

[843:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me pause you on that and give a little bit of coaching. I mean, this politely, it actually doesn't matter much. It really does mean, like, like not a lot like what you do for your first offer your first copy, it doesn't matter, like in the grand scheme of things. Because it's all an experiment to see what kind of response you get. And once you once you like, kind of get to that place to where like, I don't care whether this converts or not. To be perfectly honest with you. You'd be surprised. I was convinced that this new offer I'm putting out there six figure lead magnet was going to convert like crazy. It's not. It's not converting that. Well. That's I'm having to go back to the drawing board and figure out why that is. And I and I'm starting to figure it out. Yeah, so but it's but it's like it's all a test. It's all an experiment to see. Okay. What do people really want? What's funny is everybody who's in that one? They're all asking me to tell them what their niches Oh, that is going right back to the finding your niche problem. And I'm realizing Okay, Lead Magnet might be to further along the process. Or I need to go further up the funnel and find people that already have a lead magnet and show them how to. So I'm figuring all those nuances out.

[863:52] Speaker 6: As I say not everyone knows what a lead magnet is. So do I didn't I 100% And even after you posted it, I was like, I think I know what it is. I'm pretty sure if that helps. But yeah, no, I think like what I meant by like, everything like matters so much. I think it's just because when like you're trying so hard for so long to like do the thing. When you submit it I don't know.

[870:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where surrender comes in to surrendering the need for it to work out. Oh, yeah. Surrendering the need for it to work out is so powerful.

[873:23] Speaker 6: Yeah, that one's been that one for me has personally been a little bit of a process and and it took and that was before I tried to do that in my own way. Before we even came into contact in August and stuff so I feel like I'm in a really good place to like do this, but I still get nervous,

[878:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know? Yeah, that's okay. That's part of it.

[879:09] Speaker 6: I went in took, um, I went into it. I saw I could share it. I wish I could share it with you. But it's actually like a team member like this little guy right here. Sure. But basically, I went in to the video because that's where I had a lot of breakthrough was with Monday's class when you were asking me those questions and pulled everything out. So I typed I was typing out this morning. What was in there? And I ended up getting into some copy, like, probably about here.

[887:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you ran it through the recipe yet?

[888:08] Speaker 6: No, I haven't ran it through. I just was pulling it out. And then I was doing notes yesterday.

[889:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was reading through the recipe.

[890:09] Speaker 6: Okay. I think that's in here. I think I said your recipe. Wonderful. Well,

[892:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's do it. Let me do it in my account, so it doesn't charge

[892:45] Speaker 0: you. Okay, how?

[893:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Probably the document? Yeah, while you're on here, y'all can borrow my account?

[894:54] Speaker 6: How do you got it?

[895:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got in with Jasper. I got what's called the unlimited account.

[896:16] Speaker 6: Uh, well, that is awesome. I got 50,000 Bonus points for attending a 30 minute thing that was perfect. So how do I copy? Let me see this.

[898:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where's that bonus point thing that you get? All right.

[899:37] Speaker 6: So right up in here. So here, they just sent me an email being like, join this live training and get 50,000 Bonus credits. So I did. And I was

[902:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: they are so good. Because they know that if they get you hooked on using their product, you will stay forever. They are like, oh, yeah, back geniuses.

[904:18] Speaker 6: Yeah. The amount of training that they have is ridiculous, even if they're super helpful. Yeah. So I and I love that because when it comes to you need it.

[907:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Company, Jasper AI is super helpful because they got coaching in their program that can help you use their product better. Yeah. Copy this into the chat what you wrote there, but all of it is copy all of it they don't offer unlimited anymore. That's a thing. So they Yeah, they don't offer it anymore. Yeah, when you were still I got it when they first launched. And so I have they it's unlimited, but it's actually limited. You could do 90,000 words a day.

[918:44] Speaker 6: I'm about to cop an attitude real quick here because it won't let me I just copied it and it won't let me post it won't let me.

[920:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it too long? Do you want to put it in the in the in the Facebook group underneath the zoom? Link?

[923:23] Speaker 6: Yes. Luckily have that guy open? Hang tight. Perfect.

[926:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what I'll do after you just for the recording for Dana. I'm gonna go over hers here on the recording after I'm done with yours. And then we will end the session here.

[929:22] Speaker 6: I just posted it. Well, it's posting hang tight. Perfectly, buddy. Okay, it should be there.

[932:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is interesting, though, about the just back to my like creating your six figure lead magnet, the people who are signing up are extremely qualified prospects. I love that. So I'm like, okay, they're Ultra qualified. More of them are actually joining the group. So it's again, it's all a test.

[936:44] Speaker 6: Yeah, the word lead magnet stresses me out. I don't know why. Yeah, yeah, I have zero. And also the red stresses me out red is one of those colors for whatever reason. It's not like a bias. It just literally gasses me out.

[941:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I tried to break all the rules with that one and just see what happens. Sometimes I do that, ya know, when I've had like a bunch of success, what I'll do is I'll take a risk like I did with this, and then I'll see what happens.

[945:15] Speaker 6: This is kind of personal. So I'm posting the second post right there because I ended up going if you wanted to pull anything from there, because I ended up trying to like get out of my head yesterday. And I was like, what are they? I think my quote the question I asked is, What do people think that they need? And then I would as well as like answering myself what I know they really need and I like did it that way in a note yesterday. So I just posted that on Facebook. If you wanted to pull any Yeah, if you wanted to pull up or anything from there.

[953:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so that's all that's a whole lot of stuff. Here's a super cool technique for doing this though. Is is Jasper has a tool they have a couple tools that do this. Because that's like a lot of that's like a lot of text. Yeah. Which is good, but here's what you can do. I'm gonna share the screen and show you how it. So two things when you got a whole bunch of text like this, I'll actually open up a window and I'll go to beta.jasper.ai. And this is their Beta, and other templates, there's one called Content summarizer. And you can put 12,000 words into it. Okay, I paste your whole thing in there and I generate summarized bullet points of what you actually talked about right here. That's going to pull your main topics out of it. So what I'll do is then I'll copy these results into here

[970:39] Speaker 6: run it through once more, are loving my typos, I literally did not care what to go back and change.

[973:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now I'm going to run it through once more, and it's going to pull that's going to summarize the summary. And so the AI is getting real specific as to kind of what you what you talked about. People want to feel better about themselves. So this is basically a summary of all your notes right there. Those four points cool, like keeps repeating the same four points over again see when you got unlimited, I like I set it to like 10 Perfect. So we're going to take this right here, the top of this into the document with what you wrote right here. I'm going to paste that into the content brief. I'm going to paste that into here and I already know who the customer is.

[990:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then I'm going to go summarize the above

[994:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: my one of my favorite commands with Jasper is summarize the above. Okay, and then I'll go back up and do it once more. Summarize the above this is what I have somebody in the in the in the Philippines helped me with as they go and they do summarize the above on all my transcripts of like all of our lessons and then that helps me come up with the points of what's talked about

[1000:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: because it can be time consuming across the board across a number of different things. So I haven't delete half of this. And I'm gonna go summarize the above

[1006:42] Speaker 3: and then summarize the above.

[1008:04] Speaker 6: Jeremy McKee Markita asked about your VA. Um, I wouldn't

[1009:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: say it's technically a VA, I have a gal that I've worked with for like a year and a half that I got connected with. In the Philippines, and she's, she's really awesome. She's learning how to do funnels now, which is super cool. I'm also working with Steven to help him kind of get some junior funnel builders under him so that he can start to help you guys build out your funnels and write your copy. The goal is I really have a goal and a dream. And then I'm working with Joshua on this as well. He wants to build out this thing where people write, copy and do that as well. I'm trying to create we're trying to create I don't want to run a business that's an agency that does services, but I want to help my friends I want to start agencies build services and then I can refer them to y'all Well, I can just coach so Alright, so right there. Those are the summaries that we generated off of that so now we have a list of summaries right here off of your content that you wrote. So now I'm going to run this through Jasper

[1028:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: so does that being able to afford it? Is that an important factor?

[1029:12] Speaker 6: I mean, I will probably say yes. Um, I would think I think so. But I think the first one though not being able to take care of their skin properly. I think that might be a pain point but it's a pain point that they don't really like yeah, I don't know like that they're necessarily aware of before they meet me typically people don't realize that bar soap or shampoo for face wash is just not the business.

[1036:33] Speaker 0: Yeah. Do any of those stands out to you?

[1038:31] Speaker 6: How to Choose the Right skincare products for you? The benefits of having clear Yeah, custom Using your skincare routine for maximum results, maybe not the third one as much? Well, actually kinda Yes, because it's customized to them. But I probably would word that a little different how to establish a skincare routine as a pillar of self care. That one's pretty good it is that one is most people don't realize that that's something that I kind of bring to light for people. Yeah, it's not something that they would like Google for themselves.

[1046:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that's what we're going through here.

[1047:42] Speaker 3: And we're

[1049:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I've found my favorite site, like for finding, and I'm finding VAs myself, is I like online jobs, that pH Makeda might have some different resources as well. I like it, just because the cost and their economy, you can usually hire somebody for $6 an hour over there. And they're really helpful. And so I really like online jobs.ph What I found is, this is a lot of roles that, like, if you hire somebody in the States, you're gonna end up investing, like 100 an hour with our economy, and you actually get better work from somebody for $6 an hour in the Philippines. Like they actually produce better quality too. Which is, like, very interesting. And so yes,

[1063:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: my heart is like, oh, no, like, is there's people that like,

[1064:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're taking jobs and moving them overseas and all that, at the same time. As a business owner, I don't have a budget to pay $100 an hour to somebody. And so my goal would be to hire like to grow my business using resources like this, and then hire in house as it grows once it's making a few million dollars. Yeah. Transitions and that's what that's what in fact, I was I was literally talking to Rick Pino about that this morning, we had a phone call and it's like his business has hit a million a month he's like I gotta have in house employees that are full time if I'm gonna go to the next level I'm like I completely agree. Like you're at the level now where remote isn't working because for you to go to that $10 million level you're gonna need like people that are investing their their talent their time you're gonna pay them really well and they're there in the office with you every single day you you guys are like you know and so that's the transition that it that really you get to once you get to that like five to $10 million mark is doing that but up until that you can hire virtually and get really great work done. So I like online jobs.ph For that

[1085:38] Speaker 0: okay

[1086:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh wait let me share the screen again. With Jasper it's hard to know which skincare products to use it can seem overwhelming confusing, but we don't know where to start so many products on the market we have to figure it out I'm here to help I'll help you with your skincare I'm not sure if they know they need do they know they need mindset help?

[1092:20] Speaker 6: No that's just what I'm I probably made a note somewhere that I was going to myself

[1093:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah so like

[1094:33] Speaker 0: okay, not looking for a new phone

[1095:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: so that's the training data that they actually train the AI on to actually write copy is underneath the hood. That iPhone if it does like if it's like iPhone or like gym related or it has not or it's like Lacroix is it's it's copy that they train the algorithm on that's cool. So do you want clear bright glowing skin I'm here to help you. So like

[1103:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: take some of this and I'll send you this as well you can take some of this, reframe it a little bit and then kind of combine it with some of the stuff that you wrote let me let me go back to what you wrote here desired outcome

[1110:40] Speaker 6: actually started I started with some it's more like our script in the beginning and then towards like the middle to the end is when I started kind of like more writing full sentences every one that isn't on this call as I've learned this

[1118:59] Speaker 0: morning it What's up,

[1119:20] Speaker 6: everyone that's not on this call in the group is like What is this?

[1121:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I'll probably delete

[1122:31] Speaker 6: like this girl just went in and copy and pasted something then she didn't say Hi Jeremy.

[1124:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's okay, they can see that we're live. So it's okay. So that's what I would do is I copied some of this text right here. I copied what's up there. Now I'm gonna go back to the top. And then I rerun the recipe again. I don't actually like their Beta loss. I'm using that content summary. For some reason. I don't think like anybody supposed to know that you can find that but I did. So not actually in the main product. Oh, of

[1132:32] Speaker 6: course you did. Yeah.

[1133:58] Speaker 0: So then we're gonna go back through

[1136:04] Speaker 2: Oh, no, got

[1136:16] Speaker 6: deep, real quick look keeps out the night the fear of not being good enough.

[1137:57] Speaker 0: Yeah. So let's just take that and then we'll regenerate some more

[1140:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: powerful self care and overcoming the fear. Like, that can be some of your other like, bullet points that you pull from that can?

[1145:01] Speaker 6: Would it be is it confusing to mention makeup and skincare and the same thing, like, if you are wanting your meat so better, you know, this is for you. If you're somebody that we're for, and I put that in some of the copies, like if you consider yourself more of a natural like beauty, where you only do makeup on, you know, occasions. You know where you were little to no makeup at all kind of thing. This is also for you. Does that kind of thing. sound confusing?

[1152:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would put that further down. Yes. Further down. Yes, you can do that. The score got Yeah, there was this fourth statement, and then you just kind of like, break it down like one sentence or two.

[1155:27] Speaker 6: That's not confusing. Now. I don't have to. I don't have to. Okay, that's good. Because honestly, like it's true.

[1157:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. All right, last thing I'm gonna do, and if you all gotta hop off, I completely understand if you want to stay on.

[1159:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's fine as well. Of course, when it's my next meeting who called me will know who that is? Um, oh, yeah. No, I'm good. I got upset. All right. I was like, Is my next meeting at 1230? Or is it that one?

[1166:17] Speaker 6: And then I looked up and I was like, but it's 1030. But time difference.

[1167:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. All right. Let's look at and if you guys are watching the recording of this, you know, I'm gonna I'm gonna delete your post here. Monica. Okay, group

[1171:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's fine. Do you want to suspend Monica and remove her and give her a

[1174:49] Speaker 6: organ and be like, I don't think he meant to do that. Yeah, me. Let me in.

[1176:10] Speaker 0: Alright, here's Dana's did I remove you? I can't see anything.

[1177:44] Speaker 6: You can't see anything. Well, you're not screen sharing. You want me to?

[1178:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, I meant did I remove you from the group? I don't think I did. Do

[1179:37] Speaker 6: hold the phone. I have a notification on here. And that's last year by now I'm still in there. All right. I think it let me refresh and go to community home.

[1183:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Attention women over 40 Okay. This is for Dana. So I'll tell her I went over at the one hour.

[1186:49] Speaker 6: Oh, perfect. Hold on. Let me mute

[1187:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: than the one hour and 15 minute mark. Reporting right. All right. So Dana, here's one thing I would try to pull this section below the top here seems to work on mobile on desktop. It's it's a little off. That's okay. Pretty cool.

[1197:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's one thing that I would do, I would actually flip the size on the text. I would make this bigger and then I would make this a little bit smaller. And then move this line underneath there, I would just flip those to maybe have this be a little bit larger of font. It's been a challenging two years since this pandemic, and then reads better on mobile, I think your mobile, your mobile design is actually fire. You want it to flow that way on desktop as well. So let's look at it on mobile, it's really well done on mobile. This is awesome.

[1208:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: We've gone back and forth a few times with Dana's.

[1210:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so this might be confusing, join my Facebook group, and then get my free intensives you got to call to actions there. I would remove this right here and don't even mention the like the group till they opt in. Or join my get my three day intensive inside of Facebook group, you can say that. And then the call to actions to the community. Got it? Okay, cool. No, this is actually this is really good. As far as an offer goes. One thing that's missing is I don't see the date when your intensive is. So you're gonna want to tell me what the actual dates are. So that I can plan for it. A lot of people want to like be able to plan for their intensives let me go look back at one of my my five day right here. Again, I like your headline, you could use a photo down here of somebody who like that tells this story of like lacking energy and you're ready to confront that and take charge. This is awesome. This is great.

[1232:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Make this a new paragraph right here. And I would underline this Okay, wait a sec. The way this is written is a little bit off. As long as you like it feel free to chat we compare ourselves to roses funny. This is very similar to your copy Tina.

[1238:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But from but it's a different angle, but it's the same emotional hook. Very interesting.

[1240:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why you can learn from even industries like this. You might even be able to borrow from some of this for your coffee Tina, for your offer. You know, so pulled in different directions can make headway with comparison. Oh, I see we can. So I would tell this story a little bit differently.

[1246:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you ever seen that highly successful in shape? Mom, entrepreneur and it feels like she has it all figured out? You ask yourself? How the heck did she do it? Then I would go into the truth is she has challenges you know nothing about she doubts herself to you're not a failure. If you're not her yet, like some kind of language like that.

[1253:35] Speaker 0: In fact, you're like

[1254:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is where I'm getting hung up a little bit here is in this is we got to tell I like this right here. This is super cool. How this is written, I get lost and confused around this. And I think that this story can be told a little bit differently. As women we can you can feel like a failure when we can't juggle it all. Have you ever ended up comparing yourself? So instead of saying we compare yourself ask if you've ever compare yourself to that highly successful in shape entrepreneur, wife and mom, who seems to have it all together and wonder how the heck does he do it? The truth is you're not a failure if you're not exactly like she is she has a ton of challenges and I would put these in different paragraphs have them broken down into paragraphs she doubts herself too.

[1268:25] Speaker 3: Okay, I'm gonna find something else here.

[1269:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of my clients it's actually John Joshua's wife. We worked on some similar copy for her in this vein, and she had a lot of success from this angle. That's what's fun about a group like this is I'm able to pull from copy examples that I know work especially with like my higher level clients.

[1276:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we did this intensive right here her name is Dee Giles.

[1278:08] Speaker 0: This is Joshua's wife D.

[1278:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Learn how to turn your purpose into profits in three short days.

[1282:14] Speaker 0: No, I wrote something else for her a long time ago. Let me find that I'm gonna have to go into like

[1285:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: the archives, the the Jeremiah archives,

[1286:48] Speaker 0: discerning your signing Thrive we were really focused on the idea of oh, here it is. Here it is.

[1290:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I found it. I knew that I wrote copy. I wasn't sure if she had used it.

[1292:12] Speaker 0: She hadn't used it. I'm gonna copy this in here, just as an example

[1296:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: paste it as a comment in the group. Start walking in your purpose and breakthrough you're looking for ways to achieve success in career relationships. Imagine waking up knowing your bank account is full. Your family is healthy, you're absolutely in love with life. And it's exactly what you dreamed up the sky's the limit when you can achieve this program will support you

[1303:45] Speaker 1: to be encouraged and supported.

[1304:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Find good mentors develop strong mental. The What do I do next challenge finally have clarity on what to do next. You know that you're called for more in life

[1309:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, this is it. I'm gonna delete everything but that part. What you're watching here again, is my copywriting process. I liken it similar to an artist

[1312:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: who takes a bunch of paint throws it on the canvas, it's super dirty, it's super messy. And then we find the gold that's in there and then we make another version that's the gold that's high right copy. So I make a messy version. That's always messy in the beginning, and then we find the gold that we're looking for. Okay.

[1318:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: This right here is very similar to some of what you're trying to get across over here

[1320:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: instead of saying I will bet one thing she had a mentor, that's where I come in.

[1322:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can actually just say, I want to help you gain clarity so that you can thrive and be more confident in life so that you can move forward in every aspect of your life. And kick butt take names like whatever that is.

[1327:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you'll let me my story I'm Dana Hernandez so the idea is right here taking this part out right here rearranging some of this copy we just copy this into Jasper and kind of do this for you. I like all this this is pretty good. This is the part that needs a little bit of work so we're gonna copy this Dana

[1334:46] Speaker 4: Alright, check this right here okay I like this nope, that's not working.

[1342:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Summary summarize the above. Right PS copy based on the environment as women, it can be very easy to feel like a failure. We can't do it all. We see the Superwoman mom. We seem to have it all figured out. Family, marriage, finances,

[1352:57] Speaker 0: fitness, and wonder how the heck do they do it? And this is where I'll let Jasper kind of

[1355:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: the answer is they have someone in their life that helps them out a mentor and a trainer that gives them guidance. That's where I come in. I'll help you get the clarity you want live to take your conference to next level to start moving forward to achieve the life you've always dreamed of life, relationships,

[1361:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: and fitness you've always dreamed up, you can lead with maybe, whatever yours is fitness, life and relationships, whatever your main one is

[1365:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: around this, and so this is just rewording that section that you have right here, and is something that flows and reads a little bit better.

[1369:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So hopefully that makes sense. You can reword this however you want, but that that style would flow a little bit better. I think. And then you want to have

[1373:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: this link isn't going anywhere, if you're using something like group convert, that's great, send them to the group group convert is a plugin that grabs their email address when they go to your Facebook group. Otherwise, to really to run this as a good conversion ad. Here's the thing, when you set them up to go to a Facebook group, and you run the ads, it can be difficult to run a conversion ad if you're not going to a second page afterwards. And having that be the conversion goal. Meaning once they click join the Facebook group, you'll go to another page that says loading the Facebook group, and then it like redirects to the group instead of going straight to the group. That in between page can fire the Facebook pixel for the conversion, if you're going straight to the group, otherwise, you're going to want to have something that they opt into that they sign up for. I just recorded the new lesson for the Facebook ads course where I break this down about the conversion pixel and setting that up and the right best practices of doing that. So that's lesson number two, that I'm also uploading today into the members area. And so that'll help you.

[1392:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is some of the coffee that you can use. But great job Dana, again, you you have come a long ways from when we were talking before, I would just reword that little section, pull people into the narrative, pull people into the story. And then go from there. Okay. So we're gonna log off. See everyone later there's some questions in here.

[1402:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up, Bobby?

[1403:17] Speaker 4: I just wanted to show you some progress. To see the background here. See how I'm imitating you see, oh, great. See the table. Awesome. Now the background will be green for the

[1406:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: tables not intentional. The table is just more because it's my desk. But

[1407:33] Speaker 4: so I really this idea is this.

[1408:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's a cool thing for y'all is backgrounds. Here's what I looked at is just something that has depth. Some of your favorite things behind you. works. The other thing is, as I look at like video games, streamers, like what do you like Twitch streamers have on their backgrounds, um, setting up some lighting, things like that. But really, it's like if you have stuff that's important to you and your background like I Tinos is great. I got I have a few ideas of how I would want to change up my background. But the truth is, it's not been a priority to me and this is working. So maybe in the in the new year, I'm going to mix it up where I'll have like Star Wars and like different like, you know, fun stuff like that. So I'm having yeah, having your your background. It's interesting. When you're running ads, having something in the background that's interesting actually helps with the ads. Unless it's people unless there's people in the background walking around and that's distracting.

[1425:55] Speaker 0: But it's like if it's like stuff, it's pretty cool.

[1427:00] Speaker 3: So um

[1428:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Zoom is messing up the audio on the sound Yeah.

[1430:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need to I need to adjust my microphone a little bit possibly for that too.

[1431:53] Speaker 0: So does anybody everybody?

[1432:40] Speaker 4: Does anyone see that? The this the incoming sound goes really like my stop the

[1436:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I could do is I could remove background noise suppression.

[1437:18] Speaker 0: And that might make it better.

[1437:58] Speaker 4: Maybe we'll, we'll see when you post it. Today's recording on facebook. We'll see during the time I'll check it in case So I've seen that during our our meetings only because I attend a lot of zoom meetings and,

[1441:53] Speaker 0: yeah.

[1442:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I have the microphone over here. It's not right in front of me. I find that when it's over here, it works. Because if I go over here to the whiteboard, you can still hear me. What ended up happening last Saturday, I was using my laptop microphone. So every time I kept going to the whiteboard, it would actually cut out what I was saying. I was so frustrated

[1448:12] Speaker 4: with your sound going blue. It gets really mixed up with Yeah, I

[1449:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: know. It gets garbled and muffled Yeah,

[1450:14] Speaker 4: yeah. So So do you know the reason for that?

[1451:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the audio compression in zoom. Okay, and how it's compressing the audio.

[1453:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see something real quick again. Let me go to your audio this might actually help. Um, is that better? Is there better audio? No. It is. As Monica says, No, it's not.

[1459:08] Speaker 6: Absolutely not. I hear it regurgitating right now.

[1460:43] Speaker 4: Equally,

[1461:07] Speaker 0: okay. How about now? Is that better?

[1464:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it still echoing? No, but it's staticky. It's staticky.

[1466:11] Speaker 6: And I haven't had an issue at all. Everything's been fine for you.

[1467:36] Speaker 5: Yeah, go back to what you had.

[1468:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: How about now? Static

[1468:49] Speaker 5: staleness static in the background.

[1469:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Still staticky.

[1469:40] Speaker 6: Yeah. MacBook Pro if that helps as well.

[1470:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: How about now? Is it staticky in the background now? No. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. They have this setting. It's like high fidelity, high fidelity audio.

[1475:23] Speaker 4: Oh, wait a sec.

[1476:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: What about what about now? Is it staticky now?

[1476:55] Speaker 6: Yes, it is. Yes,

[1477:44] Speaker 4: I agree. No, he's not.

[1478:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when your speakers might be suppressing that, too, that might be part of it.

[1480:17] Speaker 0: So there we go.

[1480:32] Speaker 5: Post session today was great. So whatever setting you had today, let's just stick with

[1482:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. Yeah, listen, that's the thing.

[1483:08] Speaker 4: It's not that I'm complaining. The thing is, I want to know, because when when I start doing this, and when people have experienced, I want, yeah,

[1484:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Zoom is not really made for like high fidelity audio. Stream yard is going to be much better for that, especially if you're doing like podcasting and stuff like that. You want to pull people into stream yard and you're streaming out that way. I have found that that works a whole lot better. Is using using stream yard sale to do high quality interviews and things like that.

[1492:13] Speaker 0: So all right.

[1493:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Adios, I gotta go eat something real quick for my next call. So have a good one.

[1494:55] Speaker 5: Bye. Thank you.

[1495:33] Speaker 2: Thanks, everybody.

