LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-12-14T20:27:13.000Z
Duration: 127 min
Otter ID: osYO91yUABh7rB_BRnI_2cJajLI
---

[2:24] Speaker 0: Oh cool

[5:06] Speaker 1: jumping in live a little bit early here

[6:16] Speaker 2: and finally do this in the group

[9:43] Speaker 3: right

[14:00] Speaker 1: what's up? How are you?

[14:48] Speaker 4: Oh me I forgot this as long good socks class this morning and so you know there's no video, you know?

[17:30] Speaker 1: Oh yeah How are you doing?

[19:00] Speaker 4: I'm doing good. How are you?

[19:21] Speaker 1: Doing real good?

[19:46] Speaker 4: Yeah. Oh yeah to hear that has your little he's

[20:50] Speaker 1: amazing he's gonna be one in like 15 days.

[21:54] Speaker 4: No wait oh my gosh has it been that long? Yeah,

[22:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're we're taking him to go see go see take photos of Santa right after this so how's Abigail She's doing good she's finally like almost done breastfeeding and so that's been a just a journey for her because it's like every four hours

[28:52] Speaker 1: and it takes 30 minutes so it's like the consistency of that I think I think has taught I think it's taught both of us a lot of discipline you know they say having kids changes you they don't describe why I think it makes it into the person that you really have always wanted to be because you have to be that way. Actually it's

[35:04] Speaker 4: a really good that's a really good I've never thought of it like that

[36:37] Speaker 1: it transforms you into the best version of yourself because you also want to be that example to them. So like a lot of the stuff I struggled with I'm not struggling with anymore I'm even now I'm like I'm focusing on my health. I'm focusing on working out I started like a whole detox and gut protocol two weeks ago and it's I haven't been able to fit in this shirt and like six months and now it like fits great so it's like it's very interesting I'm not doing it for weight loss but it's a I'm gonna have to tell everybody I'm not on ozempic I promise

[46:06] Speaker 4: transformation you know what I mean? It's told him Yeah, that happens organically is what it sounds

[47:26] Speaker 1: Yeah. And then when we moved in a gift my mom got me was the total workout system like she's got so I love Do you love it I absolutely love it. It's pricey, but it's worth it in the time savings that I have because I don't have to drive to the gym I don't have to deal with other people can literally take 20 minutes and I'm done and it's like an actual 20 minutes of my day that's it which is not always the case when it comes to working out all right, let's see let's go live in the group join us live in the group or in the Zoom call. So this is our live copywriting training call here today. Let's see we're gonna go live in here they fix the feature where I can actually go live in the accelerator group now from from here just a little just a little bit for some of y'all in case you're wondering. Um The like the latest courses and stuff that we're doing the newest classes in the members area we got Facebook pixel clarity there's a whole zoom class I like a deep dive and how to use all the features of zoom and everything if you want to learn how to use those I know a lot of people have asked about that and then recently you know we just finished a one on one sales class how to do one on one phone sales. How to do we got email follow up class we have one of my favorites that we just finished the five minute Content Creation Blueprint how to basically get all your content done and just five minutes a day of actual like brainstorming which is really cool how to use AI to help you brainstorm not to create the content but to help you come up with ideas which is really cool. So that's all in the members area over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com And so I always just like to reiterate that to everybody, as they come into these calls that we have that content that we have all of that in there. As far as that goes, how's the video signal? Is it good? Okay, perfect. Our internet went down yesterday for like 12 hours. And I felt like I was, you know, living on Little House in the prairie with, and then my, and then my cell phone. I mean, really truthfully, like we have, we have 5g out here, but it's kind of a joke. It's not I don't think it's as powerful, which, you know, I'm actually thankful for it's not super powerful, maybe. But it's like, it wasn't enough to really do all the things we needed to do. That's the cell tower is, I can see it out our window. It's about a mile away, but I can still see it. So yeah, not having because I got two gig fiber Internet here, which is really cool. So that I can upload I can upload like an entire class in like 10 seconds to so that's really nice as a course creator and content creator to build to be able to do that. So all right, so here's our copywriting call who wants to go first to kind of go over your copy? Wanda? I know you posted something in the group. You mentioned that you wanna do you want to jump in?

[99:52] Wanda van Gelderen: Yes, I wasn't sure. What do you need it materials? So I thought I'll send you some then we can get going on it. Yeah, yeah,

[101:27] Speaker 1: definitely, I think I think we just kind of start with. So again, when we talk about copywriting. And I'm realizing now I haven't actually broken this down this way before on one of these calls. By the way, side note, yeah, I started like a detox and a whole gut protocol Thing Two weeks ago, I feel better than I've ever felt. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep it up, y'all are gonna see I'm gonna, like transformed physically, mentally, emotionally, all of that over the next couple of months. Um, okay, so when it comes to copy, it's broken up into different segments. Obviously, we have our ads, but I don't really worry about ads copy until we have the landing page copy, this is where we're sending people to. And generally, there's going to be like two different landing pages, you're going to have your lead magnet, which is to grow your email list. So that's either going to be free or low cost something that's right now I'm recommending under $27, to people $27, or under 17 bucks, 27 bucks. For for if you're doing like a paid event that used to be like $97, we're finding that's a lot harder to do. And I got a little bit of insight from Steven Robbins, he's one of my my friends, he works with a number of other funnel builders, people that are doing the same model that we're doing, but he works with some of Rick Pinot Rick pinos people. And he told me that a lot of them, they're, they're not doing any paid classes for more than 27 bucks right now. So that's, that's a good thing to know that so they're, they're actually getting really good results around the 17 to $27 price point, or still doing free webinars still doing free opt ins, the idea behind this is, is you're gonna then sell those people on something that's going to cost at least $500. And I would even recommend 1000 to 2500 over here. As far as this goes, if you're going to do a sales call. Let's say that you have this over here, it's a free offer, or it's a BSL or it's this and you do a sales call. After that, I would bump this up to 5500 to 15,000. So if you're going to do sales calls, I want you to be charging upwards of 5500 to even $10,000 If you're not doing any sales calls. That's where the 500 to $2,500 price point kind of comes in. So we're writing copy for essentially our free or low cost offer and our paid offer right here. And then that leads into the ad copy. So that's what today is, is helping you kind of rewrite and craft that sales copy the words for your offer. All right. All right. Let's take a look at

[154:36] Speaker 1: let's take a look at just a second here. You sent me you sent me an offer.

[156:41] Wanda van Gelderen: I did a download of a Word document on the Facebook group. And it's a offer after five days free event.

[159:27] Speaker 1: Okay,

[160:21] Speaker 2: So that in the group

[161:43] Wanda van Gelderen: yeah put that up a couple of hours ago

[163:41] Speaker 2: All right, let's go find it

[167:24] Wanda van Gelderen: Word document

[168:17] Speaker 1: oh it's a Word document. Oh I see it here it is okay

[170:02] Wanda van Gelderen: say take a look at this. This will be sent to my web company and our web designer people and they will convert it with all the colors and everything off my website. So it's just a text go yeah

[176:57] Speaker 1: all right, so here's the offer right here a group coaching for women attack no regrets coaching time to shine imagine that career.

[187:38] Speaker 1: See, so the way that like, I look at sales copy and sales letters as I look at kind of the whole page.

[189:54] Speaker 2: And

[190:48] Speaker 1: it's like, what am I feeling on this? That's the first thing that I look at

[193:12] Speaker 1: how do I make this so it's not dark, though. I don't know how to change that. Okay, imagine. So this is what you're selling at the end of your webinar, right?

[196:52] Wanda van Gelderen: Correct. So that's basically the registration for the program there. Now the plug in was called NIC Novogratz coaching. And it's a bit like your CGM right

[200:42] Speaker 1: now that's great. I love that. I'm from what I see here, as far as like, a program landing page, so here's what I here's what I here's what I tell people is,

[205:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's, let's make this a little bit cleaner. Again, you're gonna put more of your energy into kind of that that lead magnet offer that free offer that low cost one. Again, I explained that I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna repeat what I said there, when it comes to the paid offer. The program itself? Um, for instance, I

[213:13] Speaker 2: don't

[214:31] Speaker 1: I don't necessarily. I don't necessarily spend a lot of energy in

[218:09] Speaker 1: optimizing this beyond like an initial optimization, if that makes sense. So like, for instance, my accelerator page, I have not updated that in a year and we're still using it, because it's more informational. The actual webinar itself is what's being used to really sell people. We still have the copy that's in there and so I think I'm a lot more so I don't know if Scruton This is a word. I'm more gonna scrutinize what to change when it comes to like a free offer. This is actually really good. What I see here for a paid offer because you're you're touching on all the points. That's going to motivate somebody to take action. Here's, here's what I see that's missing from this. Maybe add some bullet points to this. Yeah. Some some testimonies, as well. Are there additional courses or content that is included with it? Are they getting like different classes as part of it as well?

[236:54] Wanda van Gelderen: Yeah, okay. Because this is my first launch. I haven't got the classes ready. I need to that's

[238:39] Speaker 1: always nice to add. And I'm gonna I'm gonna just show you an example of like two The sales page examples. Another one, that's not my page. But that I that I've built, and it and it works really well is over here on my mom's group right here, her stocks group. So again, we got a headline. We have the pricing, a little bit of copy that talks about what it is very testimony heavy, if you have testimonies, if you have case studies, I'd make sure to put them on there. If not, that's okay. And so but you notice, like, there's not a lot of details, one thing that's missing from here, on your page, do you have a bio about you?

[251:29] Wanda van Gelderen: Know, I've just introduced myself, and what I

[252:53] Speaker 1: see right here, there, you know, I've

[253:36] Wanda van Gelderen: not talked about my career as such now,

[254:22] Speaker 1: so I would add a little bit of that into here. Okay, because really, I think that that would help. But I think I think like, for this being the page that you're actually sending them to to buy from, you modeled what we teach really well, and I think this is great. That's actually an I don't have much that I would change on this. I think that this is really good pictures,

[259:55] Wanda van Gelderen: which add pictures of these people with quotes. If

[260:59] Speaker 1: you have them, it's nice, because it helps make that connection. Yeah, yeah. And I would, I would, so here's the one thing I would do is I would flip flop the order of it, I would bring the testimonies up, okay, above your bio right here. Okay. And then I would have like your bio, I always put this, this is the very last thing on the page before they basically go to buy is what's included with it. So I always make that be like the very last thing on the page. So again, if we look at, we look at my page, right here, and again, this is the page that we sell to, um, like, I put like, maybe 10% of my energy into this page, and like 90% of my energy into my lead magnets over here, because that's really what's pulling the people in. And that's what we can optimize. I'm selling this to them on video. So really, the pitch is on video. This is just the cherry on top to remind them of all the stuff that I said on video. And it gives a gives me something of a guideline, when I'm actually pitching the accelerator to people. So I got two versions of this of this page. They're both the same number one, the one version has the waiting list on it. But the sales copy is pretty much the same. We got the sales copy here, who I am. testimonies like we go right into testimonies very quickly. And then it's what the program includes. This is all about what they're taught. Now, because I have a bunch of classes, I also then break down a whole list of classes. And so if you have classes, it's really nice to add that. And then at the very bottom last thing they see is what the logistics of the program are quote unquote right here. And then the purchase link is right there. So we have it on the finished page if I like if I go over to here. Oops. Like over to, oh, I keep overshooting my finger. There we go. I gotta log in. Squarespace. Log in. Log in who

[300:23] Speaker 1: so sorry, I'm sharing the wrong window. That's the problem.

[301:35] Speaker 2: We got to use Chrome.

[302:14] Speaker 1: I never use Firefox for this. This is the problem because Firefox is not very good in my opinion anymore. Okay, Squarespace. Log in. I'm trying to like I'm trying to show you this for everybody else who's here. When it comes to like the page that we're actually selling from

[311:12] Speaker 1: dashboard there we go. So what I have is I basically have two pages.

[313:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: But one of them is my waiting list version. And the other one is my non waiting list version. So look at this is this is a private hidden one and I have a link. It's like accelerator old

[317:20] Speaker 1: is right there. But it has all the like stuff from my previous promotion. And so it's the same page. It's a little bit more updated, then that other one that's out there, it's got all the bonuses and stuff added to it.

[321:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we have the links to like where people actually purchase the purchase links, the registration links are right here. So right before those purchase links is what's included all that type of stuff. So I think you've done a great job of kind of putting all that together, modeling that.

[325:58] Wanda van Gelderen: And then like you said, give a deadline, and then change the language of the page to say waiting list and take.

[327:49] Speaker 1: That's, that's how I like to do it until you get maybe like, and when I do is I like an income goal that I'm doing, I plan on removing my waiting list. When I have about when I have, I think over 500 people in the program. So I'm going to remove the waiting list probably at that point. And I might change my mind then. But that's my goal is okay, at that point, I think I'm going to have it be an open enrollment. And we'll have a waiting list for like a higher level program. But I really want to get like about 500 people in here, consistently. And so, until we reach that milestone, I'll keep doing the waiting list, the waiting list is purely I mean, if it's purely a way to motivate people to take action, you could say it is a little bit of a marketing gimmick, but it's effective. Because without a waiting list, people will make excuses, oh, I'll join next month. And then they'll say I'll join next month. And then they'll say I'll join next month, and then they never do. So a waiting list motivates people to take action and get off their butt and actually do something.

[345:04] Wanda van Gelderen: So I'm assuming there will be people that go on a freebie. They don't sign up, and they go on another freebie. Yes, you do with those people? Do you just let them come in until they decide to sign up or go?

[348:50] Speaker 1: Yeah, you know, I keep serving them. And I got some language for this the other day is marketing to people. And this is no disrespect to anybody who's in this group. But it's just the way that human psychology works. When you're marketing to people, their brain is sort of in the mindset of like a six or seven year old. You know, and so it's like, how do you help a six or seven year old learn something you take step by step. And so and then the other thing I actually I literally asked Chad GBT this before the call right here, what is the reason that is cognitive overload is one of them. That the, there's too much information at once, they might take a couple of times to process it, before they make that decision to jump in with you. So A I, I want to be from that perspective, I'm gonna give them that opportunity to come back and do that. And here's how I think of it. You know, $2,500 $2,000, it's a little bit of of money for some people. I look at it like how do people make decisions about buying computers or cars. They go to the dealership, but they usually don't buy the first time. They might even go back a second or third time and not buy. But if they felt really good about that third visit, chances are they're probably going to come back and buy the car. The fourth. Yeah, same with computer buying things like that people go they look at the computers, they go to Best Buy. And generally, it's how they feel about the salesperson like if I don't like a salesperson to the dealership, I will go to another car dealership of the same company to find a better salesperson. I'm not even going to be in the same company building. And by the way I did that I when I bought my Dodge Challenger Hellcat, back in 2017, I went to three dealers complete jerks. And I finally found one that was like actually willing to serve me and I bought the car from him. And it was a $70,000 car that I bought. They literally tried to talk me out of it and told me that they didn't think I could afford it. And I'm like, Y'all don't know how much money I'm making right now. First off, and they're like, Yeah, everybody says that. And I'm just like, Yo, like, Okay, this is weird. To their defense, I showed up to the dealership in like, my pajamas each time just to see how they would judge me. So it was it was like, and I don't know, I wouldn't do that today. But I back like five years ago, I was like, I was just, I was something that I did. And it was funny. I got pretty much laughed out of like three dealers trying to buy a $70,000 car in my pajamas. And so, you know, it was I don't know why I did that. But it took me to the place where I was like, Okay, I found who I felt good about. And I kept going back while I was making that buying decision. So it's the same way with our webinars. It's the same way with our content. That's the That's what I would define as nurturing that relationship again, we go back to and I and I'm getting so much language For this, again, my son is only one years old, but I'm thinking ahead of when he's 357 years old, you know, six or seven year old, especially gosh, I, I feel like I'm gonna be I'm in for I'm in for it when that happens, man. He's like a clone of my wife's personality too, which is funny. He's like, he looks like me. But he is he is a clone of her personality. And so like in that is like, when I'm doing a webinar, I think of the mindset of the people that I'm in front of, as I'm really teaching them, how to how to crawl, how to walk, how to run, how to drive a car, how to, you know, drive a semi, and that's really when we're coaching is that and so we got to tell people, they might not be ready yet for that stage, if they join us for one webinar. But then they join for another, the other is selective attention, when they pay attention only to certain aspects of what's being taught. And so the idea is, is like, they might join for one thing, and then they hear a completely different thing the next time they jump in with you, because they were selectively focusing or they were really focused on confirmation bias, trying to just confirm their own beliefs the first few times with you on a webinar. So that's why people will join a webinar a few times with you, and not buy until a couple of times.

[423:34] Wanda van Gelderen: All right. appreciate the feedback. Thank you.

[424:06] Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely. Okay. Let's see anybody else who's on here. Want to go over your copy Edna. What's up Edna?

[426:47] Edna Harding: Hey, Jeremy. So. So I'm trying to figure out I guess I'm trying to narrow down on my value proposition statement. So it's just one statement that I wanted. Is that part? Can I do that here? Okay, I was just wondering if it's not like a landing page or anything? Oh, that's fine. Yeah, cuz I figured, like once I narrow that down, because the key is a message,

[432:38] Speaker 1: the message I sent you the other day make sense? The tape read?

[434:01] Edna Harding: Yeah, really did try to give it all like basically you don't? It's not an all or nothing. It's like you could talk about one aspect and still give them all? It doesn't? Is that what I'm gathering? It doesn't necessarily you're

[437:13] Speaker 1: gonna sell them your whole system? Yes. But your lead magnets are going to be one aspect. That goes back to what I literally just said, the confirmation bias selective attention. cognitive overload is really the reason why yes,

[441:12] Edna Harding: no, no, I completely agree. I just I'm really trying to simplify. Like the whole did my mind, I had to shift my mindset from one to one to one to many with while yes, exactly. So that's the part that I'm like, or even once a few might have been, like just even a small group have been in a beta program. Just to me, the off start is I could tweak a little bit, but let me go ahead and share what I have real quick. Yeah,

[448:57] Speaker 1: go ahead. I think we should be able to share your screen now. Okay.

[450:41] Edna Harding: All right. So all right. So can you see it or no? Yes. Okay.

[453:20] Speaker 0: So,

[453:50] Edna Harding: so I help entrepreneurs, I didn't know if I should be more specific as far as like, because remember, I told you, I've worked with all startups and established businesses, I didn't know if I should narrow it down. But I helped them boost sales and team performance by strengthening their relationships with themselves others relationship with others, and God, easily and

[459:46] Speaker 1: effectively would change the word entrepreneurs to business owners, business owners. Okay. Yeah, I think that language is going to resonate with your people a little bit better. And the word entrepreneur can be a little bit triggering, that can also create some comparison issues, things like that. Whereas business owners, I think is going to resonate better. They're awesome.

[466:06] Edna Harding: No, that's great. So I help business owners boost sales and team performance by strengthening their relationship basically, it's more relationship with themselves relationships with others, like how to deal in connections, their team, their vendors, all that stuff. And God easily and effectively because I have a system that's already done. I just put them in it. And when

[471:36] Speaker 1: we say relationships, or is it more communication skills? Mmm hmm.

[474:20] Edna Harding: Well, it's more it's not just communicating with them, I guess communication. It's two way street. It could be both in and so basically, being able to speak to them but also understand where they're coming from as well because it's more of a leadership and because I'm also certified John Maxwell. So all that a lot. Under the giant swell leadership that personal, you know, like how to influence people. I have a lot of those strategies want

[481:58] Speaker 1: to use some of those words. I'm not sure I like the word relationships here because that makes me again, that makes me go deeper into thinking like dating family personal connection inside the office like having conversations around the watercooler

[486:22] Edna Harding: How about connection with themselves or no? strengthening

[487:08] Speaker 1: their their connection ability, their connection skills. I think connection skills,

[490:15] Speaker 5: even

[491:00] Speaker 1: the connection skills, something around skills.

[491:52] Speaker 0: Mm hmm.

[492:13] Edna Harding: Yeah, cuz I want it to be practical. The main thing that I'm trying to do is take something that's intangible and make it tangible, you know, something that they can like, grasp that it's more of a practical, then

[496:00] Speaker 1: and then I would move easily and effectively. So that gives me pause a little bit as to like, why that word is being used, right? They're forced for and I would and let's save that till the end because I want to add it to the end but worded differently. Now I want to read describe and this is where you get to kind of paint a really colorful picture for sustained success and fulfillment is there a way to describe that in a more imaginative way where they get a better picture as to what sustained success and fulfillment means to them? So we're boosting sales they're connecting with people better yeah. A sustainable and now if we're talking about success, is it related to financial it's

[510:44] Edna Harding: both so it's more inner wealth and external wealth so Okay, so it's a comprehensive

[512:11] Speaker 1: versus sustainable financial success

[513:53] Speaker 2: while still building

[515:03] Speaker 1: for sustained I would do sustainable financial success

[517:34] Speaker 1: in the most fulfilling way possible. I know that's a little bit more words but I like that and the most fulfilling way possible dealing

[520:21] Speaker 4: with

[521:37] Speaker 1: Okay, now we're left with a few words six months or less easily and effectively that's kind of describing the same thing I'm wondering if there's a way to so I help business owners I help business owners in and I will put in just six months and I will put that at the beginning I help business owners

[528:32] Edna Harding: so in just six months

[529:26] Speaker 1: no I help business owners in just six months boost sales and Oh got it or you can say I help business owners boost sales and team performance in just six months there you go ah that way yep in just six months by strengthening and so you can see it's like these little puzzle pieces fitting together by stringing their connection skills with themselves others and God for sustainable financial success in the most fulfilling way possible. To become the most effective version of themselves

[540:04] Edna Harding: that's really long to become to become the most to

[541:06] Speaker 1: become the most effective version of themselves. Yeah, I liked I liked making that a little bit longer at the end okay version of themselves and then there you go. So now that if we compare that to what you had before I help business owners boost sales and team performance in just six months by strengthening their connection skills with themselves and others let's remove God from there. Okay. I'm going to add it back though. Okay. You could put if you want to focus on Christians you could put faith based

[552:23] Edna Harding: so so here's so here's my my thinking is, is I've actually worked with business owners who are not Christians, but we're open to different methods. So we're open to God like biblical strategies because whatever they were doing wasn't working. Here's

[556:24] Speaker 1: the thing is I don't think you need to then put that in the value proposition but you can put it in your copy. Okay, yeah. And others for sustainable financial success and the most fulfilling way possible to become the most effective version of themselves. Yeah, I like that. Really,

[561:19] Edna Harding: you want me to go to God's heart? I don't know. Like, I'm struggling with that. I don't know, like, I just, I want, I guess the thing is, and, and that's I get it. I'm not trying to spiritualize it, but the whole foundation of my program is biblical strategies. So I want them to know that upfront. So I don't know if there's a way for me, I could just but I have faith based business owners, but I, I've worked with not just faith based business owners, I'm trying to, like, you know, some time to like, share the wealth with everyone, not just every Yeah.

[571:02] Speaker 1: Well, it depends on do you want to attract? It's about who you want to attract? Do you want to connect more faith based or not? If you want to attract more faith based? I would add it? Yeah. You know, for me, I mean, you know, I am very open about my faith. Yeah, my Christianity and all of that, and I don't need people to agree with me or have the same faith to work with me. But I don't put it in my value proposition or a lot of my copy for that reason. But in everything that I talk about, I make sure that like that's there because it shows the authenticity. Yeah, I think if I held back my faith, it would. There's some people that don't like it, I actually, I realized it's a form of authentic of authentically showing up and for myself, Yes, to talk about faith. So I help business owners boost sales and team performance in just six months by strengthen your connection skills with themselves and others. For sustainable financial success, the most fulfilling way possible, to become the most effective version of themselves. You could say, using faith based principles, at the end of it.

[588:03] Edna Harding: Okay, or can I use, like biblical strategies? Or you

[589:13] Speaker 1: could say you're using using biblical and biblical and practical strategies? Oh,

[590:40] Edna Harding: yeah, like that. No, that's that's that was language

[591:18] Speaker 1: that Rick Pitino used a lot. And we would always say that he would always say, worship is all about two things, the heart and the art, the biblical and the practical. And I'd say it's the two thing. And that's like, you know, you want to be an excellent artist. And you also want to be super plugged in with God.

[595:42] Edna Harding: Right? No, it's skills and heart. It's both. Yeah.

[596:59] Speaker 1: So there's that sit with that. Yeah. What might not feel again, it's a little bit longer. Yeah. And we could take this as a chat GBT and see how we'd maybe we can shorten it a little bit. Things like that. Mm hmm.

[601:00] Edna Harding: Okay, all right. That's good, I think. All right. I'm gonna play around with that. So that's good.

[603:40] Speaker 2: Thank you. So

[604:14] Speaker 1: real quick, Su Su real quick. I was one of the chat with you. Um, are you on here? I'm here.

[607:15] Cassandra McKissack: I'm here. I'm here. Sorry. No, no worries.

[607:53] Sue McGarvie: I own and Okay. It's chaos.

[609:12] Speaker 0: Chaos. Hey,

[609:36] Sue McGarvie: I got great, great copy. I'm following you. She's sent you your kids are so cute. Guys. Your kids are cute. And Jeremiah, yours is particularly cute. I keep wanting to send my son my firt my favorite book for small kids. It's called feminist baby. And I keep wanting to send my feminist baby book because I have no other kids to buy for right now. But yeah.

[615:02] Angela Rose: Um,

[615:19] Sue McGarvie: yeah, I'm, yeah,

[615:59] Speaker 1: I'll say I just contacted jinki. Yeah, he thought she said that she thought your email was a spam email from somebody.

[618:54] Speaker 7: Okay. It was like I realized work to do. But yeah, that's fine. I realized

[620:24] Speaker 1: something when people they need to mention that they came from the accelerator. And then that would have probably gotten a quicker callback.

[623:11] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, I'm going to I'll try and get

[623:50] Speaker 1: that going. She said that she just apologized and wrote you back. So

[624:48] Sue McGarvie: yeah, she didn't I just started out. I will try it. I just, I

[625:40] Speaker 1: just I straight up asked her. I said, Did you go sue? happened? Yeah. Because I know she's, she's great. She's really good. So she's like, Oh, no, I thought it was spam. I thought it was okay.

[628:45] Sue McGarvie: Well, I said what I've been batting at that not batting 1000 Because I've tried three of your people. You know, genre was too busy and I'm thinking alright, Jeremiah, you said you've got 450 people or should I just start you know, I

[632:17] Speaker 1: have to go I have to go through that group of people right here. So

[633:27] Sue McGarvie: okay, no problem. Um, yeah, so copy I kind of did on the fly this week because I just think God, I'm so blonde. I thought I had another week and then I have my fireside stuff started last night. Almost 50 people. I think I'm gonna have 75 tonight. I think yours drops off. I've just had more time another day to market and everything.

[639:45] Speaker 1: You market a lot. But more, I like doing that. By the way, I also do that I run my ads even and market during the first two days of my five day to still get more people in. Because people will jump in, they'll catch up, and then they'll join. So it gives me a little bit more lead time to to market to people. So I do that as well.

[645:09] Sue McGarvie: Well, I'm going to put the the conversation, I'm only doing an hour. And just because it's you know, because I'm swamped. And but it was good. I got I did a tight half hour and I need to Unlike you, I do a PowerPoint. Because I'm I think in circles. And if I don't, I'm all over the place. But I did the tight 30 minutes, but I can talk about this, you know, in my sleep because I've been doing it for so long. And then everybody had a discussion, which was fantastic, which was really the meat of it. And yeah, I just want to see, because this is where I'm going and moving and ramping it up. So

[654:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: very cool. Yeah. And that those discussions are really valuable to them connecting with people seeing what they want in the in the next stage of what you're doing. So. All right. Awesome. Thanks, Sue. Okay,

[658:52] Sue McGarvie: so we're not going through the copy. Oh, no. Yeah, if

[659:31] Speaker 1: you want to go through we can. Okay,

[659:53] Sue McGarvie: I'm just sorry. i Yeah. No, I

[660:38] Speaker 1: sorry. I thought you said that you didn't have it ready.

[661:10] Sue McGarvie: I've had four cups of coffee. I've been up since four in the morning. And I'm I'm a little jumpy, so I apologize. No, I put the coffee up. Just if you it is I'm still my best efforts. I literally did it yesterday, before my call. And you know, happy to have any kind of comments on that, you know, we're gonna take a look at it. I don't need to take up a lot of time because there's other people on here, but it's gonna be reworked a bunch of times. Just partly because I'm using Aweber. And you have to link the URL with them. And it's a bit of a process but at least I get it now.

[672:04] Speaker 1: Where can I take a look at it?

[672:24] Sue McGarvie: It sorry. It was in the chat. I'm sorry. I put it in the chat earlier.

[673:18] Speaker 2: Oh,

[673:35] Sue McGarvie: I don't I see that. Okay, it's find love and 2020 four.com

[675:15] Speaker 1: Oh, man, I don't see it. Okay,

[675:50] Sue McGarvie: is anybody else see it? Oh, it's a direct and it's a direct message to you. I know direct Jeremiah's autopilot as opposed to Jeremiah. There it is. I got it to your autopilot. Which

[678:48] Speaker 1: I don't think that goes anywhere. So let's see.

[680:00] Sue McGarvie: It's okay. I just answered I just just typed in putting there you go. Your your Autobot Yeah, okay.

[681:53] Speaker 1: Yeah, it it's, it's what transcribes for us by the way I played around with I didn't not like the transcription feature built into zoom. So that's why I'm still gonna use otter. I went through and I looked at it because the Zoom class I learned new things about zoom even last night while I was teaching the class so I was like yeah, but hopefully y'all notice the Raise Your Hand feature is now at the bottom. That wasn't there at the bottom of the Zoom call right?

[689:26] Sue McGarvie: It is now Yeah, so

[689:59] Speaker 1: that should help everybody. All right. Let's take a look at this right here. And when How are you getting this in front of people? They're on your fireside

[693:36] Sue McGarvie: All right. Well, I have you know, I have before my first Tiktok thing was was I had you know, at one point I have a list. You know, I have probably 20,000 People personal list between my group lists between my meetup page at one point I had half a million on tick tock before it was cancelled. That's always a bad day. But I'm now back up to vote at

[699:41] Speaker 1: my tick tock down to they should I think they should everybody's down. When the when they when tick tock met in front of Congress. I think a ton of people had their tic TOCs deleted.

[702:04] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, well, I'm a sex therapist. So they I said sex too many times. And they so I now spell it. It's hilarious.

[703:48] Speaker 1: But I was born on Tik Tok. So that doesn't make sense. I

[704:46] Sue McGarvie: know. And you know, the doctor right? I'm a doctor I'm talking.

[706:20] Speaker 1: Exactly.

[706:34] Sue McGarvie: But if you say you say it too many times. Yeah, I have to spell it so anyway, so focused on the dating which is the part of my practice that exploded and I thought well, we're just gonna go through it. So this is all obviously all chat GPT generated

[712:09] Speaker 1: I'm wondering I might put this no sale, no sales real conversations further down. Okay. Because I really want to lead with not what they're trying to avoid, but with what they desire. Fair enough. You know, so that's, that's one side of it. And even the say goodbye the fear of loneliness. I like to I like to put at the beginning what kind of the success is and then room And then of what they're trying to run away from. Okay. Or even flipping, even flipping those two, because

[721:46] Sue McGarvie: that fear of what they're looking at the ceiling, right, what's keeping them up at night? Yeah.

[722:50] Speaker 1: And so what I like to do is talk about, again, on any of my landing pages as I start with the dream outcome, and then what's stopping them from getting there versus this is stopping you, you should get here, because otherwise it feels more like they're being preached to in the copy a little bit.

[728:21] Sue McGarvie: That's, yeah, no, we're not we're not doing we're not doing that. So cool. That's actually a really good point. I'll Oh,

[730:21] Speaker 1: yeah, that was actually, that was one of the number one things that I learned with from my mom with writing copy. Because I always did that as well, I always lead with the negative and then went to the positives, like, you always need to start with the positive, and then anchor it to the negative in that order. And it's more effective, because you lead with the positive and immediately triggers or thought, well, I can't do that, because dadadada da, versus if you're leading with the negative, their brain can't attach to the positive, because they're stuck in the cycle of thinking about all the negativity. So that's definitely when it comes to just the order of things and copy is going to be that's why we always have the positive outcome headline at the top, and then unpacks, what's stopping them from getting there at the bottom? And now and then you go back into positives like you got right here. So again, this is this is really great. I think this is good. One thing that's missing from this is telling a bit of a because this is kind of like what this includes what this free class is going to include. But what I would like is a little bit more of a like, that storyline type of a thing. Okay. Right in between here.

[751:49] Sue McGarvie: I can do that. Because you know, typo right here. Yeah, yeah, you're right. There is a typo in there. Yep. Yo, compared to Edna, who's a super slick and everything's perfect. And I have

[754:31] Speaker 1: typos all the time on my page is good enough. Yeah. People write me and, you know, whatever.

[756:46] Sue McGarvie: You're right. You're right. I could tell I did this yesterday. All right, perfect. All right, those are good suggestions. I'll have a quick look at them and change them. Because as I said, this is just to see if this is all I'm just verifying. This is all just validation, to see what works, what doesn't if I throw enough mud, some of it sticks.

[761:29] Speaker 9: And kind of

[761:49] Speaker 1: like when I say the story section that's like this, like the like. It's a paragraph that's in front of them that paints a picture of the experience. And I usually attach it to some kind of image. I generated this image by actually copying it into chat GPT telling it to describe this. And then I used a tool that I really like, that I've been using for graphics called Imagine dot meta AI.

[770:24] Wanda van Gelderen: Okay.

[770:44] Sue McGarvie: And because I want to find I'm finding that the that the pictures are really bad.

[772:24] Speaker 1: Well, so here's what have you used? Imagine that meta? No, it's trained on all the photos from Instagram. So if we're talking about creating photos of people, it's the best algorithm for doing so.

[775:42] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I'm taking a picture of it right. So like,

[776:50] Speaker 1: what I'll do is, is I do like a multi step process for photos where I'll take chat GPT right here. And then I might take you know,

[779:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate an image of a 40 plus year old person who is looking who is relaxing on the couch with someone they feel attracted to on a date on a Friday night, watching a movie okay, this is just an example of that. I use chat GBT for this one reason is it's really good at coming up with how to prompt meta better. Okay. Okay,

[789:03] Sue McGarvie: because I used to and I don't like the pictures generally like the pictures

[790:05] Speaker 1: are not the best out of this but they can inspire you to use other tools like Meadows imagine so again, here's this one. But here's if I click on this and go to this info box right here, right the prompts that it used,

[794:14] Sue McGarvie: huh? This is Jeremiah This is worth the price of admission because I this picture of this guy has shown up in every one of my over 40 pictures like this guy. Like I noticed

[797:15] Speaker 1: that if I go over here to meta, and I paste this in here, now the whole thing isn't going to paste in but it'll be enough to basically generate

[799:58] Sue McGarvie: a little bit of that. Yeah, much better.

[800:35] Speaker 1: These pictures are like actual real photos. Oh, those

[801:32] Sue McGarvie: are good. I'm so excited. All right, well,

[802:31] Speaker 1: this is free from meta meta.com. Okay. And then now they have this little watermark on the bottom here. I don't mind that. It says it's it was imagined with AI, which I think is kind of cool. But look at like, this is telling your story a little bit right here. And now they're not perfect. But no.

[807:53] Sue McGarvie: And then you could change it a little bit and change

[808:55] Speaker 1: to, to where you don't have to have a block in just somebody with gray hair. It could be

[810:25] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, well, it's it's Yeah, could or it could be it could be older. Right? It could

[811:27] Speaker 1: be now look

[812:03] Sue McGarvie: a little bit younger, too young for me. Yeah. Yeah.

[812:53] Speaker 1: So now sometimes it does bad with like, age, you might have to throw in a different age on there. That's probably based on how people represent their age.

[816:02] Sue McGarvie: That info that's super sneaky. I love that. Yeah.

[817:40] Speaker 1: So, you know, because like if you do whereas if you do this, and you do 2020 year old, it's gonna look like teenagers.

[820:03] Sue McGarvie: Oh, that. Now? Is this. Is this another paid subscription? Or do you? Oh, this is free. This is free

[821:39] Speaker 1: from from Facebook. They created it based off of Instagram photos. It was just released a week ago. imagine.meta.com. So anybody who has a Facebook account has access to this now. All right, I'm in. Yeah. They also have and I've been using it. I've actually been using it testing for Facebook ads and I think it's gonna get better. Right? So they have in Messenger meta AI right here, which is their version of chat CPT that you can chat to right here in Facebook. And it can actually write sales copy and everything right here in in meta, so give it a year or two. I feel like Facebook's tools and all that are going to be better than chat GBT. We're in a very weird phase with AI. Because it's so new. It's literally like the internet and the early 90s were a new thing pops up every year or two years and just improves and makes it better than the last version. You know, we're at like pre America Online days of the internet when it comes to AI. And so like it's gonna get a little bit freaky a little bit crazy. When AI and robots are combined, that's gets a little bit weird, but that's our future that the world is heading towards. So

[842:30] Wanda van Gelderen: Wow.

[842:46] Sue McGarvie: Well, thank you so much. All right, that was I've been struggling to find pictures. That just saved me a pile of time. So thank you. That was a big imagine

[844:36] Speaker 1: dot meta is really cool. And then there's another tool that I really like called Picasso. Okay. And Picasso

[849:25] Speaker 2: see something

[851:59] Speaker 1: Well, they've added more features in the last like day. The eye even get a little bit like okay, when they add a new feature, I'm like, What is going on? What do I do? Now? I gotta like, learn this new thing again. Okay, so Picasso is right here. It's over at this site called free pick.com. And if you sign up and you guys are gonna want to write this down you want to use they have an invite code that is Avi lope. J vi LLP. It's this guy. His name is Javi Lopez on x. So Hobie Lopez he's the one who's giving out these this is him right here hobby Lopez. He's an AI get most of my AI news from Twitter. And he's created one of the coolest AI tools that enhances any image and turns it into like the highest quality possible. And that's being implemented into Picasso right here but if we take this

[870:40] Speaker 2: and

[871:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me see here real quick if I take this and I so I share this screen right here. Sorry, I'm bouncing between this imagined meta photo of 40 something year old on couch, cozy by fire during Christmas, right? You can even add in the holiday if you want to if you're marketing and around the holidays. Okay, so Here's a photo oh wait have

[880:30] Speaker 2: to

[881:30] Speaker 1: cuddled up

[883:55] Speaker 1: there we go. Okay. Even even brought some guys together. So there we go. So we take this now in Picasso, if I paste this image, I copy the image and I paste it into Picasso. And then I take my prompt that I put in here. So this is a three step process where you can imagine that even differently and you could paint it and you could change things in the scene. So let's say we want it to be like brighter outside, I'm going to paint the window brighter. And it's, it's optimizing it in real time. As far as that goes. Let's say that we want to change the color of his shirt. We could just kind of draw on the shirt right there. We'll reimagine it, and then we press enhance. And that's where it

[898:25] Sue McGarvie: she looks she looks like you know, like a one of those horror cartoon.

[899:44] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's the initial version of it that generates something that's something that you could use right here. Yeah, you totally could. Yeah, that's so this is how you can take the idea from imagined dot meta, and bring it over into this over at free pick a pick three pick.com. And

[905:20] Sue McGarvie: then you put in your and you put in your code, where can you show people because I'm sure they're gonna want to know, well, so

[906:38] Speaker 1: you sign up over on Picasso Picasso is where you're looking. And when you create an account with it, it's going to ask you to put that hobby lope code in there. Okay. So that's just it. That's if you want to, like make adjustments to the image or have it cycled through and reimagined like multiple versions, it's always going to look or appear like the same scene that you imported originally, though, and you're doing that. So again, it's like a three step process chat. GBT, then over to here, but then like, do you really have a lot of control now over some of the graphics by doing this? Yeah. So there's just a few ways to do that little mini class right there that we just kind of went through. That's,

[916:39] Speaker 3: that's, that's epic. Thank

[917:01] Sue McGarvie: you so much. Yeah. Yeah. And

[917:54] Speaker 1: the reason why I don't have a class on this, all of these tools literally, like,

[919:12] Speaker 2: a week ago, yeah.

[920:08] Speaker 1: None of this was available, like two weeks ago. So um, all right, Angela, what's up, Angela? How are you? Okay, hey,

[922:20] Angela Rose: I'm good. Thanks, copy.

[922:48] Speaker 1: Let's do it.

[923:04] Angela Rose: Ah, see, I read in my sales page. Okay. And it's not the design part of it. It's not 100 100% complete, I have someone who's going to kind of help me tweak it and take it from okay to Wow. But all of the images, yeah, all of the images, all of the copy is in place. But just like Sue, I kind of need just fresh eyes on the top of the page above the sales line. So what you were just saying is speak to the desired outcome, I need some help. Because, you know, I've been staring at this for so long. When it comes to weight loss, I know that people want to feel good in their own skin, they want to feel confident, they want to be healthy, they want to have energy,

[937:53] Speaker 1: I would say I would even change this. Here's it. Here's a tip when it comes to sales copy that can help with that. Okay, and it's something that I think a, I'm I'm not the best at when I speak, but I'm a lot better in the written word at doing this. Okay, using last words to say the same thing. I use a lot of words to describe things. So for instance, this right here, how many times have you read a quick fix headline that reads this? What have you want to say? How many times have you been suckered into headlines that say? Or how many times have you been, you know, how do you like how would you explain it that way? With less words? How many times have you gone for the quick fix headline that reads using less words to say that I think would help?

[951:42] Angela Rose: Okay, Is this being recorded before we go any further? Yeah. Okay, great. I just wanted to lose area. Okay, I just want to double check so I don't have to, so I can focus on what you're saying and not try and change it. Okay. What next?

[956:39] Speaker 1: Sorry, I'm replying in the chat. You got a free pic.com Ford slash Picasso and use the promo code hobby lope to access it because it's it's a beta right now. Okay, Got your headline at the top here? It's time to stop yo yo dieting forever release away from the inside out. First off before we Okay, is this, is this the page where you're selling them or your lead magnet?

[964:17] Angela Rose: No, this is the this is the sales page. Okay, perfect. Yeah, so I've just read done it with the copy. And

[967:13] Speaker 1: then I would ditch this where it says how many times have you read a headline that says lose 10 pounds in 10 to 10 days, I would just ditch that line of copy completely for this page.

[970:05] Speaker 2: And okay, yeah.

[970:27] Speaker 1: If it's because that's more copy, I would put a lead magnet and not necessarily on this page. Okay, because that conversation should be past that point with them by the time they get here.

[973:56] Angela Rose: Ah, yeah. Because I'm sending them here from the webinar. Yeah.

[975:26] Speaker 1: And so that's, that's one of the things is that there's things that like you would say, on the lead magnet page that we don't say here, because they've already gone through the webinar with you. So you're under the assumption that like, they're there. They're at the next stage with you. So that line of how many times have you gone through quick fix headlines lose 10 pounds in 10 days? I would drop that.

[982:16] Angela Rose: No, I could actually take this copy and put it in the launch email sequence. Yes.

[984:29] Speaker 1: That would be more for that. Yes. Let's scroll down a little bit. And now I think that that copy is good. I just the headline I would drop. Okay. Ooh, I would flip these two, I would put this further at the top. So let me give you can give me can you give me access to move your screen? Yes, absolutely. Are you on Windows or Mac? A Mac? What browser is this? Oh, this is Chrome. Yeah, unfortunately, it's not letting me control your screen. Because Mac

[995:29] Angela Rose: here. You want me to put it in Safari?

[996:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's because you're on a Mac is the issue? Oh, well, let me let me actually open it up on my screen, and then we can go down it right here because that will work better. Is it is it private or hidden? Or can I access it publicly?

[1001:37] Angela Rose: No, I've made it public so we can get in and do what we

[1002:56] Speaker 1: need to perfect. So if I go here, now I'm going to share the screen. Right. Okay, so yeah, so I would drop this right here. This is good right here. Simon, stop yo yo dieting forever release the way from the inside out. And then I would actually move this copy right here to go right underneath this. Okay,

[1009:50] Angela Rose: but that copy is not speaking to the desired outcome. I don't think I mean, it's talking about emotionally eating.

[1012:24] Speaker 1: This speaks to the desired outcome, your headline right here. Okay. Okay, great. So that already did that for you. And because the again, we go back to this is after you did a webinar. The rules are a little bit different on that front, when it comes to the that's why I mentioned we got the sales page and we got the landing the lead magnet page. This is prior to them being sold or engaging with you. This is after they've talked with you. Okay, great. So I would I would bring this up about it being the, it's a deeper issue, and then I would have this be below that. Okay. This is great. Now, at this point, my question is going to be okay, I would drop this from here and I would move this further down. And really what we're talking what

[1029:22] Angela Rose: you've got highlighted, you would drop that there. Yeah.

[1030:20] Speaker 1: Okay, I would move it further down the page. Okay. Okay. Because it breaks the flow for me of reading this. And now I go into logical like, oh, there's a lot of stuff I have to go through. So we don't want to tap into that. Yeah, we want them to continue. Oh, well, Angela. She's so cute. She's amazing. Look at that. You know, and then like, here's the success, your story. Here's stories of other people. So this is still saying tapped into the emotion with them. So again, thanks. This looks really good as far as what you have here. Okay, um, one thing though, I would not use this blue font as much as you are using it. Okay, I would use it much more sparingly for things that you want to stand out to them. Yeah. And then put the like the rest of this in black. So if you want that to stand out, use that in blue if you want this to stand out, but I wouldn't do all three lines. So

[1046:16] Angela Rose: put what I want to stand out in the blue. Yep. Okay.

[1047:28] Speaker 1: So there's like a lot of blue over here to this is actually okay, because it's the testimonies, but, okay. Okay, so now we're going into Okay, well, you already. Okay, so this, this, this is where we're the there's a little bit of breakdown in your copyright here. I actually like what you have up here and the structure, I would just reorganize it a little bit, like I said, for this page, and I would move this further down. Now.

[1055:58] Speaker 2: I'm

[1058:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a lot of words here. And then so what that does is that gives me I feel like I'm like, mentally, you took me on a journey. I'm excited about it. Yeah. And now I have to think about what you're saying, again. So one of the things that you want is you want people a truthfully, good sales copy.

[1065:47] Speaker 1: For lack of a better word, puts the user into a bit of a trance to where they're kinda like, just feeling the page versus actually like logically thinking about what they're looking at so much.

[1068:33] Angela Rose: Yeah. So emotionally, I've gotten to keep them on the journey.

[1069:35] Speaker 1: Yeah. So this is actually good. That goes down here. I think it's also the blue text is making it harder for me. The point is the right coaching. Okay. You may move this headline right here, up here more, and put it in place of this one. Okay, the point is that ah, Hi, my name is Angela. Yeah, okay. Okay. Now, you've kind of already started to introduce them to the weight loss secret. So that feels interesting, because that's what this is, you're introducing them to it right there. So I wouldn't necessarily, you've already said it right here a few times. You've mentioned it right here. So now saying that you're introducing it feels a little bit like, Wait, I thought that's what you already were doing.

[1083:06] Angela Rose: redundant? Yeah,

[1083:27] Speaker 1: it's a little bit redundant. Like I want to share with you it's like, wait, you haven't? Isn't that what you've already been doing? Yeah. Yeah. So the challenge is workshops.

[1087:37] Speaker 1: So here's what you can do when I host a free workshop. There's a short amount of time that can serve you. But I want to work with you further for the next 12 weeks to get you the results that you want. And that will be a more succinct way of saying that and I would put it in black text, not blue. Okay, I would just drop this right here completely. Okay. But immediately after the testimonies, you're going into back into the flow of you know, with workshops, we only got a short amount of time, but I want to I want to go deeper with you for 12 weeks, and then I would put what you're gonna get in these 12 weeks. I know that's that's this right here. Ooh, interest. Okay, so now we broke it up and we three more testimonies and I would chunk your testimonies together.

[1100:02] Angela Rose: All in the same spot, put all

[1100:33] Speaker 1: the testimonies in the same spot.

[1100:54] Angela Rose: Okay. Yep. Move those up. Underneath that.

[1101:59] Speaker 1: There's there's a couple schools of thought to doing that. Um, I don't like having them in two separate spots. I like them in one spot on the page. And that's the only place you find testimonies. Okay. I know there's other I know, there's other people that teach otherwise, but that's how I would do it. Okay. Because they're in like one mindset they're in. Basically, they're proving is this going to work for me? Right. Okay. So bright, simple. Can I do it? Does it work?

[1110:36] Angela Rose: And so button right there who

[1111:20] Speaker 1: used to say that is it simple Can I do it? Does it work? Facts tell story sell. So that's literally what we're doing right here. Before we go into the facts, we're telling them the stories all at once, right.

[1114:39] Angela Rose: Okay, so this button right there taking them to the wall of love with the video testimonials? Is that a distraction? Yeah,

[1116:30] Speaker 1: remove that and just put the oh, there's a whole wall of tests of Wait, where's that? Oh, interesting.

[1118:15] Angela Rose: So you've looked at that before you said you liked the wall of love. Were like I'm interviewing past students, oh,

[1120:56] Speaker 1: man, I would put these on the page too on on your on your actual sales page, I would put these videos on here as well, you went to where you got, and I would and I would do it to where you got the videos at the top. Okay, then you have a few of these right here with these photos underneath. And then you have these little short ones right here at the very bottom. Even if

[1126:58] Angela Rose: it's some people on the video that also have a written, that's

[1128:15] Speaker 2: fine. Okay, yeah. Okay.

[1129:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, your your you and marketers are going to be the only one that might judge that your consumer is going to look at it and get excited. Ah,

[1131:22] Angela Rose: okay. Now the videos are not like three minutes or less like they take longer, because because we're talking.

[1133:59] Speaker 1: Now you met, okay, you may want to edit down just a short chunk that's like less than a minute. Make a version of them. That's like a little bit, and you could put a button right next to it. If you want to watch the whole eight minute conversation with Angela and Nancy, click here and it opens up the individual video

[1138:30] Angela Rose: that might have to be next launch.

[1139:12] Speaker 1: Yeah, well, either way, throw these videos up there for now. Okay, I just think it validates it. And here's what I would do. You can take because that's what I have on my site. That's why again, it's right here, as I have these videos, but I have a written version of what the highlight of the video is next to

[1144:56] Angela Rose: it. Oh, I like that. So like Rick

[1146:01] Speaker 1: is essentially but also, I have this framed in a way that sounds better than the person on the video setup. Right? This is a direct quote from the video. So I put it in quotes. This sentence was never actually said in the video. But it's truth. Right? It's why I feel confident putting it there. Okay, this was never said in the video. He didn't even talk about the financial results. But that's the result that we produced. Yeah, yeah. Awesome. You know, same here. So and this, this is where this is what we call the truth well told type of a thing. We're really crafting that story in a way that just makes you sound like incredible to all these people. As far as this goes, All right.

[1158:02] Angela Rose: Okay, cool. I like that idea. A lot.

[1159:15] Speaker 1: Cool. So again, okay, let's go back to your sales letter.

[1160:03] Angela Rose: Okay, we can't see your screen out there. Yeah,

[1160:48] Speaker 1: then I would move those back up there. Okay, so now, okay, we got this a little bit more redundant line where we're like, okay, so what is it? It's almost like there's like this weird curiosity that you are trying to create that doesn't need to exist. So at this point, I wouldn't try to lead with any curiosity. Curiosity is better in your presentation in the beginning. Okay. And and on your lead magnet, when they land here, you really just kind of want to go full kimono with them and open kimono and tell them everything. It's actually a term and marketing going open kimono and in business. You can see all our stuff.

[1173:17] Angela Rose: Okay, gotcha. Yeah.

[1173:47] Speaker 1: So like, once they're at this, because this is kind of the end point that they're gonna reach with you. Yeah. So you don't really want questions in their mind? You want to be like you want them to have most of their questions already answered by the time they get here.

[1177:43] Angela Rose: Yeah. Okay.

[1178:35] Speaker 1: And then this is just reiterating it. And you get to use this page in your sales pitch. Literally, you just go down the page, when I'm doing my sales pitch. I'm literally just going down the page and talking to people.

[1181:48] Angela Rose: Okay. All right. And your webinar at the end? Yeah, at the

[1183:12] Speaker 1: the last 30 minutes of my webinar is literally just me reading my sales page to people.

[1184:44] Angela Rose: Nice.

[1185:42] Speaker 1: And I'm literally just reading the testimonies to them. So I'm literally I'm using it to guide the last 30 minutes of my webinar. Is

[1187:32] Angela Rose: that on your screen? Yeah. While what? Like you're, you're going through it on and they can see your screen and you're doing that? Yes.

[1189:59] Speaker 1: And so that is why I'm just gonna share something and we've talked about this a few times. That's why we have in here, the the vault of all the webinars that I've done. It's kind of like a version of on the job training, like what what Danny used to teach. Yeah, you get to see me do a webinar and the training right here by going into this. So in my five day if I go to my five day event, let's go to day five. You can actually see how I do it right here. day five. And I literally just I just open up my sales letter right here. And I read down it right here. And I'm just reading down the sales letter on screen.

[1205:56] Angela Rose: Wow, okay.

[1206:41] Speaker 1: Another thing that I did was I, I actually opened this photo up. While I was talking, I just Googled an image of somebody at a crossroads. I did Google image looked it up, and it was an illustration that I use. So I just use I just use the internet as my illustration tool. Yeah. Awesome. Okay, though, this that I drew behind me, I haven't taught this yet to anybody. I'm still testing it. It's this model of basically leading them to the final outcome in the middle here. And that'll be a future lesson that I'll be bringing in as far as that goes. Okay, but but I did break this down where, while I did the sales pitch at the very end, as I started to go into it,

[1218:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I started basically drawing around this inner triangle about what our program does, we help you to find your niche, optimize your copy, dial in your messaging, all that. And then what the problems are, what the problems are, it creates this sort of triangle of problems, which then leads to the end outcome that they're looking for financial freedom in the middle. Okay, so I've done a lot of successful webinars without that I'm testing to see if this is working. Well. I did it on my last one for the first time. I haven't taught it yet. But it's something that you can see and this one was the first time I've done it.

[1228:16] Speaker 2: Okay, cool. All right.

[1229:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, if we go back to your your sales letter here, that's that's where you can watch how I do the sales letter. Day five of my intensive you can watch that and see how that that looks and feels as far as this goes. Let's go share. Do we get to the bottom of this yet?

[1235:13] Angela Rose: Not Yeah. Okay. So

[1235:30] Speaker 1: now we got like your modules. Yeah, this is good. Now that this is at the bottom going into the modules is great. Right here. bonuses. Okay, this is this is a little bit wordy right here.

[1241:34] Speaker 1: They should already be sold on this already by the time they get here. Okay. So you don't necessarily I don't know if this? What's the purpose of this line right here.

[1245:47] Angela Rose: I'm just to remind them that it's not about the price. It's about the value.

[1248:00] Speaker 1: Though, yeah, the webinar should be the thing that gets them to, to understand that. Okay.

[1250:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could break down more on a simpler like bullet point list, like, you know, you can either continue doing the things that you weigh, you always have counting points, Weight Watchers, yada, yada. Or you can, you can try to figure it out on your own, or you can get the help that you need. And I'm here to guide you every step of the way. That type of thing and break it down more like a bulleted list instead of this kind of

[1256:26] Speaker 2: chunk. chunk of it's

[1256:54] Speaker 1: like, it's like Campbell's soup for words is what my brain tells me. Okay, cool. I'm okay, you, you, I would. Yeah, this is interesting, I would drop this, you can do that, if you wanted to, you can say the problem with all these things that you could try is none of them have a money back guarantee. But the weight loss recipe does. And you could actually describe the guarantee right there if you want to.

[1264:12] Angela Rose: I do just right below that.

[1265:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I would not have this about them being burned, because at this point, you're taking them way into the negative way too far. Okay, so you don't want them to like feel the pain of previous programs that they've done too much right here.

[1269:19] Speaker 1: Or even like, because they might you're putting a thought in their mind that doesn't need to be there. And some people might be like, Why is she saying that? You know, they might get suspicious. Okay, um, yeah, I would

[1274:16] Speaker 2: cut that. I would cut that. And

[1275:52] Speaker 1: I would cut this about like being a person of your word. Okay, you know, and just say like, you know, I've been doing this the last 12 years. The reason why is because it's not just a job. It's a calling, I stand firmly behind everything and that goes for your investment in the course. I think just kind of succinctly doing that. What I'm finding with some of this language here is it sounds like it's a little bit defensive without because it's assuming that they're going to be thinking certain things about you. Gotcha. They're gonna think you're not a person you were, it's assuming that you're gonna be somebody with flashy promises. So you don't inject that thought in their mind. Okay, in the copy, especially. You could say it verbally in your sales pitch. I think that's fine. I think how you have it here is great. A great script for yourself for your verbal spoken word. And the webinar. Okay, while you're saying it, you can say this stuff. Yeah. Okay. I wouldn't put it in writing. On the page.

[1292:11] Angela Rose: Okay. No, that's great.

[1292:25] Speaker 2: Yeah.

[1293:02] Angela Rose: And since last time, you looked at the sales page, I've removed the three different options. And I've multiple times to the book, you recommended both books by Alex or Mozi. About one grand slam offer, make it so good. They feel stupid saying no. And so,

[1299:29] Speaker 1: yep. This is burps are great, aren't they? They're awesome.

[1300:31] Angela Rose: And it is exactly what you teach. You know, it's the

[1301:27] Speaker 1: same process we teach here.

[1301:53] Angela Rose: It's just absorbing it from different angles, helps our brains to

[1303:54] Speaker 1: anyone who's wondering what she's talking about. It's the book 100 million dollar offers by Alex for Mozi. Yeah, so it's all about creating offer is so good that people feel stupid saying no. Must Read book for everybody who's in here. I should probably order the physical copy. So I have it here with me, even

[1309:20] Angela Rose: audible and Kindle. So yeah,

[1309:51] Speaker 1: yeah, same. And then he's got 100 billion dollar leads, which I saw a video he actually said he wanted to call $100 million advertising. Yeah. So it's all about getting leads with your lead magnet and marketing advertising. But he said that the word leads tested better than the word advertising for him, which made me think why am I using the word advertising in my ads, maybe I should use leads.

[1316:21] Angela Rose: Really, really good. I mean, it goes right along with what you teach. And so instead of cause because based on our conversions, and all of that, the majority of people were opting in for the lowest option $97 for 12 weeks, so I've tripled the amount and made it $97 per month, and just for

[1324:27] Speaker 1: three payments, or three payments. Okay, I would let them know that it's 397. This feels a little bait and switch here. Okay. And so I would let them know upfront, the total cost is, actually it's three payments of 97. So it's not even 397 297. It's, it's 291 291. Yeah, so you could say, you know, total cost is 291. You can make three payments and $97. Okay, you can even say or pay up front for 247. You could offer them, you know, 50 bucks off or paint it all up front.

[1334:40] Angela Rose: Okay.

[1335:47] Speaker 1: Again, some of this, the coloring is a little bit off. It's got a lot of the blue here. Yeah. Yeah, this is good, though. Like as far as how it flows, and then you got the enrollment links.

[1340:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I would put this though above the actual purchase links. Okay. All this about like you've been there to support them registration, closing all of that. Above all this, like right here? Timer. Yeah. Okay. Because really, you want the last thing on the page to be the purchase like, decision.

[1346:12] Angela Rose: Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay, awesome. One last question. When you click Enroll now, it goes to my shopping cart, which is connected with WooCommerce and cart flows. And I am having a real challenge, getting it to work. Do you know the looks good? Thanks. But do you know anyone who can help me make it work? Oh, gosh. I've tried to test it. And I guess

[1354:00] Speaker 1: there's a little bit more. I don't know anybody. Steven Robbins might be able to help you with that. If you go to online jobs.ph Yeah, you find somebody that understands WooCommerce on here.

[1358:15] Angela Rose: I look forward. But I'm just a little hesitant Yeah,

[1359:18] Speaker 1: no fiber is not going to be really what you're looking for. Whether you're looking for someone who's a little bit more skilled on this site, now there is a fee to find somebody right here. But

[1362:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where if you're if you're looking for that, as far as for WordPress goes, and WooCommerce what's what's not working, though I might be able to actually figure that out to tell you it's not working.

[1365:03] Angela Rose: When I put my information, and it says, I need to log in first. And, and so I removed the, the automatic login. And so I tried to put it in test mode. I've tried to use a coupon, you know, but it doesn't process it's not going through. And so I don't know why it's not going through. And I don't know where else to look.

[1371:54] Speaker 1: Yeah, might be a limitation of the plugin itself. They need to log in or create an account before they can

[1374:00] Angela Rose: buy it that because I've used this before. But it has not been that in the past.

[1376:12] Speaker 1: Oh, interesting. You know what? Weird Greenlight idea. Yeah, rebuild this page from scratch. Okay, just try to make a new page to do this. Instead of trying to fix this page, and it might work that time. Okay. You might find rebuilding it that there might be tools that will work better. Sometimes that like, I have to do that. Like I literally just have to wipe it start from scratch on a new page. Yeah. Flex is the thing that I'm stuck on when it comes to especially WordPress is like that a lot. Yeah. Okay. All right.

[1385:59] Angela Rose: Thank you. Thank you so much. Definitely.

[1386:40] Speaker 1: All right. Let's see. There are only $10 Now sister soldier. I don't know what she's talking about. But all right, so again, this is our copywriting call. Anybody else got any copy that we want to look over that we want to look at your landing page. As far as this goes as well, when I just went over with Angela in the members area. Oh, Alex's books. Yeah. In the members area there's a course called landing page blueprint. And that really breaks down what I just broke down with Angela is that whole process of like start to finish putting the landing page structure and stuff together for you. So landing page blueprint is the course it's all about kind of that top to bottom structure for the for the for the pages. All right, raise your hand anybody else who wants their copy looked at let me know. Post your link in the group

[1406:53] Speaker 1: I know there's quite a few of you. I know cuz Cassandra you you had said that you had some copy? You wanted to review the other day? Lauren stuff Tony, Judy, Brett. I can't hear you. Sorry. Your microphones really quiet.

[1412:16] Cassandra McKissack: Probably sound a little better. Can you hear me now?

[1412:46] Speaker 1: It's better. Yeah. Yeah.

[1413:13] Cassandra McKissack: So I probably had went over it when you helped revamp it. Oh, yeah, that's right. Yeah. I was actually trying to I know you're talking about what you're talking about. But I was actually trying to pull up my membership. Because sometimes I do have difficulty navigating through it. I don't know what that's all about. But sometimes I have you know, I think he told me to look up the webinar, you know how to do a webinar. And

[1421:53] Speaker 1: so you access it by if you go to my site, there's a link that says login right here.

[1423:38] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, go to your actual site. And

[1424:18] Speaker 1: it's this LINk members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Then you got to log in with your username and password.

[1426:02] Cassandra McKissack: Okay to afford webinars and you'll find

[1426:46] Speaker 1: all of these different classes and stuff in there. Oh, okay. Here's the mastering zoom for coaches one right here.

[1429:12] Cassandra McKissack: And then we have what you already know, was that something that you were telling us that you had on the Okay, sometimes I get confused I think you're offering a new class but you're actually putting something new in the members area sometimes that's not distinct when you write that for me. I don't know why but So you were putting in the number Jerry, I thought you were offering a class on how to do zoom. A new zoom class

[1436:09] Speaker 1: isn't it is a class it's a three it's a they have lessons and it's

[1437:47] Cassandra McKissack: recorded. I thought you were it was gonna be like you're doing now like a webinar or

[1439:10] Speaker 1: no, no in the Okay. I maybe I can use the word course. Yeah.

[1441:13] Cassandra McKissack: No, you need me to go to? That makes sense. Sign up for it.

[1442:25] Speaker 1: I gotcha. No, that makes sense. Definitely. And that's, uh, I could probably use a little bit better language on my part to use the word course instead of class. So yeah, we're at, we add new courses into the members area here. And there's a lot of them in there. So the Zoom course that's in there is added. We always use the word course and class interchangeably all the time. So But you're right, it is a little bit different. And then we have the pixel clarity one, all that that's, that's again, all of the members area here. Okay.

[1450:45] Cassandra McKissack: All right. All right. And I'll look for the landing page. Okay, so that should be ready to do the landing page, and then start on my ads. Right, the landing page. And the thank you very much for the distinct differences, you know, that you made known between? Magnets, I needed to know that. So I'm truly I knew the right. Yeah, you get there. And then I was I, I'm sure you didn't take it out. But I had trouble finding, cuz I didn't pull it out. Because I knew it was in the members area. When we were talking about oh, Lord, after that already. We were talking about something and oh, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry, the captions AI. The caption say I want you because I was having trouble finding the correct one. You know, when I went to, you know, find it. Yeah. With the other ads, not the other ads, but with the other apps is what I'm trying

[1467:51] Speaker 1: to say. Yeah. So captions.ai is a website that they have right here. And if you scroll to the bottom of their site

[1470:40] Speaker 1: they used to have it there. Get started. So quick, you got to create an account with them. Okay. They have a desktop version of it right here.

[1474:56] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. I'll probably be using it on my here it is right here where it

[1475:51] Speaker 1: says products, and then you got iOS right here. Okay, so I went to iOS. Yes. So this is the one right here. By captions, LLC. That's what the logo looks like. That's the one.

[1479:03] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. Okay. And then. So, can I use it with my phone? Or interesting to you here and guess that? Yeah,

[1480:56] Speaker 1: this is with your phone right here. Okay. Okay. And

[1482:03] Cassandra McKissack: so, I mean, have you said no to, to connect to my phone? I'm not quite getting that piece and connecting the dots on that part. How does what? So when I'm ready to do a recording? How does iOS know to? I mean, you know, from doing the Zoom video, right? I'm doing a zoom. I'm doing a webinar, how

[1488:14] Speaker 1: the captions.ai isn't going to do captions or things for your zoom webinars. This is for your Facebook ads. Oh,

[1490:09] Cassandra McKissack: it's only for the Facebook. Okay. Yeah.

[1491:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I use otter.ai for our zoom transcripts right here. Oh, okay. Oh, Zoom does have an automatic transcript feature. For free. That's part a zoom. I just don't like it as much. Okay. All right. And then

[1495:52] Cassandra McKissack: you know, when you do your video here, well, short videos that you do on YouTube, that may be a minute or two. Hi, how do you put the words on there? How are you putting the word

[1498:46] Speaker 2: out AI? Okay.

[1499:57] Speaker 1: That's putting the words on the short videos. Yep.

[1500:33] Cassandra McKissack: Right. Right. Right. Okay. All right. Thank you.

[1501:29] Speaker 1: Awesome. Great. Yeah. Lauren, Lauren, AM. I think you've posted your sales copy in the

[1503:57] Speaker 2: group, correct? Yes. All right.

[1505:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you're the only person right now. I could be wrong, though. There's there might have been somebody else. Oh, I see. Yeah. I see. Christopher shared his but he's not on here right now. And I'm not necessarily going to go down through it right now. If there's somebody else that wants to do it live. So let's take a look at your page. Are you going to do that right now?

[1511:26] Speaker 9: Yeah, we can do that. All right. So I'm still learning everything. I need to look. You know, listen through the courses.

[1513:50] Speaker 1: You're doing good. Hey, one thing again, that I recommend is like, learn and do at the same time. That's the way we want to do it. We don't want to get too caught up in learning. We want to implement while we're learning as well, so just keep that in mind. Okay, so your main website is right here. Um, what's the free offer or your lead magnet? You're gonna run the ads and which one do you want me to look? Over for copy

[1520:36] Speaker 9: of the free webinar, I haven't gotten any real feedback on yet. I just kind of was playing with chat GPT and looking at your site, and so I just kind of threw that together. Okay. And then so I'll do a free webinar, and then I'll do the aquaponics accelerator program. It's geared more towards people who already know what Aqua Onyx is. There's a lot of people who are interested in learning.

[1528:09] Speaker 1: Yeah, I told my wife about your class. She was like, that sounds like something I'd

[1529:04] Speaker 2: want to learn. Yeah, that's, that's awesome.

[1530:06] Speaker 1: My mom is getting a whole like $15,000 Garden installed in her backyard too. So that's really cool.

[1533:36] Speaker 1: Okay, so here's what I see here. This is a good title, I would somewhere put your face in here.

[1536:37] Speaker 2: You can.

[1537:07] Speaker 1: I think connecting I think that's one thing that's really helpful is that people can see you somewhere towards the top of the site, especially if you're the one teaching the webinar and say, you know, free live class with Lauren, on this date. If it's pre recorded, then that's fine, too. You can say instant access. And then I wouldn't call it a webinar or if it's like something that they're grabbing, I'd say instant access free. What's the length of it? Because people want to know the length of the thing that they're signing up for? Okay. Like an hour. Yeah. Free 60 minute

[1545:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: masterclass on mastering aquaponics or something like that. With Lauren. And now here's your headline again, grow beautiful vegetables, the word gain access feels weird here.

[1549:28] Speaker 1: So what would what language will we use better for that, let's go into the chat GPT real quick. And let's say

[1552:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: describe the target client for this and the tone of voice that they talk in, then rewrite this headline in their tone of voice. So I gave it two tasks to do to see if you can relate this headline and health conscious individuals might be beginners in gardening. Tone of voice is reassuring encouraging and informative. Okay written discover the joy of growing your own lush, organic veggies, it's easy and pesticide free, perfect for beginners, bring the bounty of nature to your table and know exactly what you're reading.

[1561:55] Speaker 1: So that took your little headline right here and made it something I think that might resonate with your audience better right there. And what we did was that again, the key that I did was I told it to describe our target client and their tone of voice and then rewrite the headline based on what it described to itself. And that's a quick little prompt that you can use to kind of rewrite certain lines of copy that they don't sound like how your audience would say things.

[1569:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. And even let's let's try this, let's rewrite even this one. Rewrite this title based on the same tone above. So again,

[1572:30] Speaker 1: start start your aquaponics journey. organics from home farming for everyone no prior experience needed. Could be some of the language that we want to use keeping it a little bit simple. Because some of this sounds more like marketing language, not necessarily how your audience might talk.

[1578:28] Speaker 1: Packed let's even rewrite all this. Rewrite the following in the same tone as the above.

[1580:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Doing a bit overwhelmed by the idea of food security lately dreaming of a vibrant self sustaining garden I totally understand. Not long ago I was in your shoes wanting to grow my own garden but was baffled by all the information out there. Why I created this free training for you

[1584:54] Speaker 1: aquaponics mastery, grow your own food and 90 days. I wouldn't say warmly invited but I would say this is going to teach you simplicity sustainability scalability.

[1589:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And instead of concerned you can say Do you have questions? Let's see. Got concerns. Don't worry. I've heard them all. Instead, do you have questions? I wouldn't use the word concerns. I would say questions. You know, or you can say does this sound like you? I've killed every plan I've owned no worries, this will help you and I would bold these positive statements right here. So does this sound like you? I don't have the space that bold that line

[1597:33] Speaker 2: or that line.

[1598:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then I would go into a little bit more about to like After this a little bit about, like, what's going to be taught in it, what they're gonna get from it. And I know you had some testimonies from over here that I would also put on this page. Okay.

[1602:57] Speaker 9: Yeah. stellarator I'm still collecting testimonies. It's hard to get in touch with people, because most of my clients are in Florida. Yeah, that's fine. Louisiana, but I'm working on that, too. Yeah,

[1606:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: but just take, just take the ones you got. And I would also put them on the webinar page, too. Okay. That'd be a testimony for the webinar. It's a testimony of working with you. Gotcha. Testimony of learning. So hopefully, that's helpful as far as that goes.

[1609:44] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, absolutely. Awesome.

[1610:42] Speaker 1: All right. Let's see. Brett, I need help with my nice description of who I helped. Brett, are you still here? Oh, he

[1612:48] Speaker 2: left. Sorry. But Tony left.

[1614:01] Speaker 1: What free off? What can I offer free? Well, Cassandra, that's, that really is the topic of a lot of the training and what we go over in the six steps to six figures course. So again, what free offer, can you offer? The answer to that question is, and once you identify your niche, and how you're going to help them, it's some kind of an outcome that you're going to give them. Your free offer is basically a free class that they're going to join with you. But the purpose of that free class is for your part, you're going to sell them on whatever your paid program is. So for free, you would take like one key problem that they have, and something they want to learn. And you create a class on that, that you're going to help people with, for free. Right. And again, if you're struggling to kind of figure out what that is, that's where chat GPT can be really helpful to brainstorm with. You can even brainstorm with us in the group and things like that, too. I can't hear you very well. Sorry, Sandra.

[1632:25] Cassandra McKissack: I can teach on maybe procrastination, or that's a good one. estimation, procrastination or something like that sound healthy self esteem,

[1636:06] Speaker 1: or impostor syndrome would be a good one, how to feel more confident in yourself. Even if you feel like you're not good enough starting to feel like you're that's a really good hook. I think for a lot of people for sure. In the personal development space, is feeling confident to do XYZ things that they want to do.

[1640:36] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, so this would be self confidence. Or New or beginning coaches could because that's my, my target. Cool. Yeah.

[1643:13] Speaker 1: So new beginning, and I would I would do coaches and course creators if you're going to do that, because I think it ties in. And if you think about it, you know, yeah, you yourself are a great case study of kind of all the things that maybe you felt that you're gonna walk people through in that. That's great. No, that's good. I think. I think that's incredible. Like, because you're in the weeds of it. So you know, all the little feelings, the thoughts, the fears, the worries, and then you know, how to get people past that point to get to where you're at today. And there's a lot of people that could definitely benefit from that, you know, you're Cassandra, you are, I just want to say this, you're further ahead than 90% of coaches and course creators that are out there.

[1654:19] Cassandra McKissack: Now, what why are you saying that? Why? Because

[1655:18] Speaker 1: because most of them don't ever do anything. Oh, they want to do something, but they don't actually do it. Oh, okay. If I was gonna, if I was gonna take the 1000s of people that join me on my webinars every week, you're in the top 10% of all of them, because you're actually doing something.

[1660:51] Cassandra McKissack: You're gonna make me cry. Because, yeah, God knows I'm trying so hard.

[1662:06] Speaker 1: No, you're doing great. And I want to, I want to tell you, I recognize that and I see that for sure. Thank

[1663:42] Cassandra McKissack: you so much. Thank you. Yeah, definitely. So make that about 45 minutes to an hour webinar.

[1665:34] Speaker 1: You know, and it just depends on how much time people need to spend with you, the more time they spend with you, the more trust is built. Okay. And so for most people, I recommend at least about 60 to 90 minutes if it's a single session, or you could split it up into you know, three days an hour a day for three days. Now that's three hours spent with you

[1672:37] Cassandra McKissack: when I can do the sales pitch for the program Yeah.

[1673:19] Speaker 1: And at the very last part of it is where you sell them on whatever your program is definitely okay. No, you're you're getting it and I can see it.

[1676:33] Cassandra McKissack: Oh, thank god thank God because I've been praying like crazy God helped me to get it. Once I do have a video, I'll let you you know, maybe look at part of it and you can tell me what you think and before I

[1679:39] Speaker 1: let me know what it is Yeah, you can share with the group too and they can. That's perfect here. Look at it. All right. Okay, thank

[1681:23] Cassandra McKissack: you. Thank you. Great to

[1681:46] Speaker 1: see anybody else here Judy, Sister soldier soldier I don't know your actual name sorry. Any copy that we want to look over here on our rewrite day here

[1687:38] Speaker 1: otherwise and again I wish Chris was on here let's just do at the very end of this since you know he's asking for it I'll tell you

[1692:35] Speaker 1: without back and forth with somebody about their copy, it's like 10 times harder for me to give like a review on copy. So that's, that's why I like it when somebody is like even you, Lauren, you how we were talking about it. It helps me as far as my process goes on this. So because I have questions, and then it's better to understand those so but let's go through here with Chris's webinar. Chris shared right here. He joined us. Chris has reached out to me for the last like two years. Somebody asked a question Angela, or or that Angela asked or somebody did? Or maybe it was before Angela? I think it was I don't know. The they join a webinar. And then they don't by No, it was late. It was Wanda before Angela. They don't buy they go through with you. Chris had been on a bunch of my stuff and follow me for a while. And now he's he's here. So again, that's part of it. You just stay engaged with people. You keep serving you keep offering value. And that's how you grow a coaching and course business. But you got to be intentional with getting people to register, to having deadlines, things like that, because that's actually what gets them to buy things from you. So Chris shared here. Yeah, his last offer he wrote me so did a lot of work in it didn't produce a lot of results. Totally understand that. Let's get back on the horse. And let's start this again. So he shared his webinar right here, his landing page, unleash your most insanely productive day, no stress, just calm and success free webinar on lock on southville productivity with seven powerful neuroscience based questions. This is kind of cool with this video at the top here. ScienceBase

[1719:05] Speaker 0: questions Onset date specific sequence.

[1720:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So one thing that I'll say here, Chris, is this is repeating a lot of the same text. So it's a little bit redundant. So it kind of like gives me pause as to why that is. If you're going to have a headline in your video, I would use the video itself for the headline, and replace part of this right here. By the way, that's a that's a technique I've never even taught but like, I kind of like it does have a video of you with your headline next to it, I might even start doing that with with my stuff. Great job here. doing that. I think that's really cool. Because you get to then describe to them what it is.

[1732:19] Speaker 2: Focus. Hi, my name is Crystal, pharmacist and an executive coach. I've seen how the right questions rooted in neuroscience can take any executive coaching clients today from kaios, to crystal clear clarity.

[1736:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for that video, I would start with that about turning their day from chaos to crystal clear clarity, some of your best copy, I don't see it, oh, I see it right here. I would bring that further up this page right here. From overwhelm, and stress to calm and focus, how to plan a stress free super productive day. And I would bring that more towards the top here

[1744:54] Speaker 1: as some of the because now that helps me make the decision and get a vision for what you're going to walk me through. And then I would also put like a qualifier as far as executive coach physicist using neuroscience based techniques. I'll put that on there. Because I kind of have that on my webinars right here. It says eight figure coaching business builder. You can see the these are all intentional. I got the date and time when it is I got the title. I have the headline of what they're going to accomplish. And I rewrote this on the fly and my conversions like tripled by doing this. So today it's I made that video in the group about but I put this as far as like, who I am my qualification now here's the thing. Not everybody who sees my ad I have a lot of people who doubt that we've had eight figure success. But that's not who I'm worried about. I'm not concerned about the doubters. I put that there because it connects with the ones that need to know, the track record is there and things like that. And so that's why even though I, it's one of the number one things I have people they doubt me on, they're like, Well, you've never done that. And I'm like, but I actually broke it down for you done more than that. So, but it's not my, if people are not liking you, and they're just trying to debate you and discredit you, it's not worth trying to defend yourself. Okay, sign up for the webinar. Okay, we're repeating ourselves again. So we got the same sentences repeated. And the reason I'm bouncing back and forth between some of these things, is because it helps me actually write the copy better. A lot of my process of writing copy is I've bounced between different things back and forth. That's why sometimes it might take me a few days to even do this for you guys in the group. So I gotta get into the right headspace. Okay.

[1776:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that those are some of the changes I would make to the top here is I would bring this language right here, further up top here. And I would let this video serve as kind of your headline here. And I wouldn't repeat the seven neuroscience backed questions. I would only have it once up here. And then we go right into the story. And this is where I would I would use a graphic and image I shared with Sue this process of doing this. But this is where you could literally take this page right here and go to chat GBT and say generate me a photo, a photograph to go alongside the following sales letter.

[1789:08] Speaker 1: And so I pasted the sales letter in here, chat GPT is generating us an image. I don't even buy stock images anymore. This is how I this is what I use the whole stock image market is like dying because of AI. Saw I'm having a generate me an image. Now could be an image, it could be a photograph. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of that.

[1796:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you make me a photograph that represents the target person who might join this webinar, and represent a visual

[1800:01] Speaker 1: of, of their experience. So they resonate with seeing someone like themselves. And that's really the purpose behind having images like that. So I described that to chat GPT and

[1804:25] Speaker 2: man we're gonna go,

[1806:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, man, okay, generate me a photograph of the person who might register for this so that it's a visual that someone might see that represents themselves, and helps mirror in their mind that this is to go down.

[1813:12] Speaker 1: And then we can use a Majan meta

[1814:20] Speaker 2: for this.

[1815:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, let's go back to church UBT. It's creating our image. So I really love having like images on our sales page that represent the type of person that we're looking to reach. All right,

[1819:58] Speaker 2: now, not too good.

[1821:31] Speaker 1: And you do just an individual and individual and make it less

[1823:43] Speaker 2: professional, more casual.

[1825:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is where like if you don't like the image, you just talk to it again and you get it to do different stuff. This kind of gives us the foundational prompt to then bring into the meta one

[1830:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, and the cool part about the Picasso thing, it's it's, it's also currently free to use. So that was also a big reason why I was sharing that with you. Let's see if this image looks good. Okay, you could use an image like this. Let's take this prompt. Let's bring this into meta

[1836:58] Speaker 0: and

[1838:27] Speaker 1: use an image like this you could

[1840:25] Speaker 1: Don't want them holding a tablet. So it could literally just be remove some of that text about the tablet. You could just use, you know, you could use this right here, that actually would would work.

[1846:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we could bring this into the caso. Copy this prompt, right here. Maybe instead of them being at sea look, so it's gonna imagine that it's not that they're at the at a beach, they could be in like a more professional setting right here.

[1853:59] Speaker 1: And there's like a stock. Okay.

[1855:44] Cassandra McKissack: Jeremiah, what's up real quick? When you keep saying put it in the prompt? Are you saying, copy? Me? What you put in the search? Yeah, that's right there. Put that inside of the Picasso.

[1861:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, because it helps guide and direct it, that one's much better. So like, this could be a photo right here, for example, that Chris can put right here on the page to represent who he's trying to reach.

[1866:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now you want to think about do are they a family person, but more about their experience and that visual needs to represent kind of what the daily life of that person also looks like. Okay.

[1870:24] Speaker 1: Okay, let's actually now scroll through some of the copy here. Yeah. Chris, what I would recommend is go through with some of this copy. And again, go through the prompts that we have in the in the chat GPT document right here. Rewrite the following sales copy

[1877:17] Speaker 2: in the following way.

[1879:07] Speaker 1: The chat GPT prompt document, you can find that over on my website. It's also right here, it's over right on Jeremiah krakowski.com.

[1881:44] Speaker 2: Gives you the link to the Google Doc.

[1883:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I use this prompting right here to specifically address the issue problem at hand. And then I want to identify sales letter to rewrite. So this is not necessarily called a search. It's called a prompt. Because you're telling it to do things you're giving it a command. And that's how a lot of the AI works. You feeling overwhelmed juggling a million things? I totally get it. I'm a pharmacist or an executive coach. I've been in your shoes, those endless to do list the pressure, like you're always running but never catching up. What if there was a better way to do things? Jump into this free training from chaos to clarity. It's not your typical sales pitch webinar is going to leave you bored. This is straight talk no nonsense strategies that you could use to get results and seriously up your game. That's how I would reward that line right there.

[1901:12] Speaker 1: Forget about those endless to do lists that go nowhere. So again, that's how your copyright here I would go into it. There's more conversational

[1905:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know the word lullaby. Here's the hard truth and using time. So again, a lot of this text is and if you watch back through the whole training that we just did here today.

[1908:35] Speaker 1: This is why unfortunately, Chris, if you're watching this you don't have the you don't get the full value of today just by watching your segment. But I shared a lot of this with Angela. But I want to try to repeat it a little bit right now.

[1914:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: The language here itself has me overwhelmed. I think that's the best word to say is as a reader of this language. I'm already kind of my brain is checking out because I'm overwhelmed with trying to process all the info that you're throwing at me as well, I would not put your main copy against a dark background either.

[1922:12] Speaker 1: It's distracting in a big way. So I would put it against a white background with black text for this part right here, and then utilize some of this more conversational open a conversational opener about the fact that they're juggling it, you understand their experience. Keep it way less words, a lot less wordy. As far as what is what what we're trying to what I'm trying to say is a lot of this is trying to really over explain to them what they're gonna get. And they haven't really made a connection to why they need it yet. And And here's one thing that you want to also make sure of your video itself makes that connection really well. Okay, Chris. Don't ever assume that anybody is going to watch or listen to that video. So I would take even some of what you said in this video and type it out down here

[1940:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: and talk about what they're going through what they're experiencing, not in the same order as what you said it in the video, you want to order this copy more around this kind of like storytelling type. Language, if we check this page out right here, again, we have my title, we have a headline. And we have, by the way this image was generated with a Picasso Picasso, this was generated with meta, and then I brought it in and I brightened the scene up a little bit. And there you go, that's how I made that image on the sales letter. This is breaking down the experience that they're having that connects the positive to the negative, and then we're inviting them into the lesson. But you want to make that emotional connection as to why it's important to even listen to you, versus telling them what it is that you're going to give them. So this is really kind of going out.

[1957:37] Speaker 1: This sales copy is essentially the sales letter version of like you meet a girl for the first time and you say hey, do you want to get married?

[1959:45] Speaker 2: Let's build that the emotional connection first before we, you know, propose as far as that goes.

[1962:59] Speaker 1: And then we kind of go into what they're gonna get out of it, the bonuses, things like that. Reserve your spot now.

[1966:35] Speaker 1: We're also reiterating again, more of what you shared right here. So I would only I would only have it be once I would remove it from the copy here. And I would let this serve as that. And then I would put where you talk about yourself needs to be next to a photograph here. So again, if you go through the whole training right here today that we did, I break down a lot of these concepts, I shared them with Angela and I shared them with other people that are in this training here. And I think that by you watching this whole one today, I think it's going to give you a lot more clarity as to how to structure this page. Okay, so again,

[1977:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about your name, and who you are and all that I would connect that to a photo of you, after you make that connection with them as far as what it is. And that's why the structure if you look at my pages, we have the title, I have my name here, we have the headline, the story part, the invitation.

[1983:04] Speaker 1: Sometimes I'll add a little bit more copyright here if there's a few things I want to just say to clarify what it is that we're teaching. And then I go into my bio with a nice photo of me a little section there. And then we go into like, what they're going to learn what they're going to experience what they're going to feel

[1987:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: testimonies who it's for who it's not for, and then the registration link. Okay. So in the members area, the course again without Chris actually being here, this becomes 10 times more difficult to break down but landing page blueprint is the course in the members area. I think that's really going to be helpful, Chris as far as this process goes, and how we actually structure a free webinar page.

[1996:15] Speaker 2: And

[1997:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the concepts of sales copy writing. We have the core sales copy mastering which at GPT right we're what So this one really breaks down the art of sales copy different frameworks for writing copy you really want to get better at writing that sales copy this is

[2002:33] Speaker 1: complete course is all about using chat GBT to write exceptional copy. So Chris, that's that's what i My take is on this again, I know you probably have more questions, things like that, go posted in the group. Go ask me go comment underneath here. And then let's dive into that together. All right. All right, everybody, we're at the top of the hour here, I gotta get going. But thanks everybody for being on This has been a good copywriting call good kind of landing page review. And that's really that, you know, calling these a copywriting review call isn't really necessarily accurate. It's an ADS landing page and copy review. It's kind of your funnel review and makeover type session we are that's what we really always go over as we look at that is how does the copy connect with the consumer connect with your funnel, connect with the process to then get that dialed in so that it starts converting for you and the lessons that I share for other people you can learn and go through. I would say one last thing here than again, there's a lot of content in the members area and things like that. You know, we have the archive of all the monthly lessons and things like that for the for the calls that we do. But we have an archive every single month of our copywriting live rewrite day. And I'll say each one of these copywriting rewrite days has so much value even if you just go back through like the last three on your own time that you'll learn to start to get and catch that copywriting type of a thing. And so taking a look at a couple of these copyright day calls from November and October, and September and we go all the way back through we got there. So really great as far as that goes as far as what, what's taught the methodology and and by seeing how I'm actively it's like a lab. It's a live lab of how I'm rewriting other people's landing pages and copy. It's gonna start to click even better for you. And so I think that that's a, such a valuable resource there. All right, everybody. Have a good one, and we'll talk soon. Bye

