LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-08-10T19:37:02.000Z
Duration: 119 min
Otter ID: YTlUc0Q1y8Tz1lJK_iBVXw6BdZc
---

[0:55] Speaker 0: We'll go let's do this

[4:21] Speaker 1: hello, hello. Hello.

[5:14] Speaker 0: Power Are you good? How are you?

[6:19] Speaker 2: Good. They got the fire under control yesterday, so that's good. I was like, because I the house we're renting right now that we're moving out of is literally like a neighborhood over from

[10:33] Speaker 0: a lot easier. Yeah. Have y'all started packing boxes?

[12:01] Speaker 2: Not yet. We're doing a photoshoot tomorrow in this house with like all our stuff just to kind of memorialize being here with our baby and stuff. And so that we're gonna start packing once we do the photoshoot, so it's kind of all hinging on that and then we're moving. And two weeks. It's our it's our move day, two weeks. So we got the repainting the whole house and everything like the whole the whole thing is getting like redone before we move in. So which is cool. We're going like bright white

[21:54] Speaker 0: on everything. Nice. So it's

[22:42] Speaker 2: just cool. Let me see live join us live on here. Hey, Cindy. Hey, Adele. How are you? Hey, have a

[25:08] Speaker 3: even your office you're gonna do white? No,

[25:57] Speaker 2: no, this is gonna be the same. I'm gonna basically clone this in the office there. I literally have a room in the in the house. That's the same size as this room for my office. So it's like I slowly just gonna be like the same thing moved over.

[31:01] Speaker 3: I've always wondered is the blue and the green? Is that just lighting or is did you actually?

[32:24] Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah, it's light. It's lighting from IKEA. There's light behind the lips. I lost my camera there. Yep. Yep, it's just lighting. I can change the colors too. There's lighting on the floor as well. That's cool. Um, so then yeah, it's these two walls right here. Oh, you did paint the blue? Yeah, the blue is painted the gotcha. Yep. Because then that reflects the light real well, which is cool. So and then these are just shelves you got from Mike. This is all IKEA right here. So

[43:36] Speaker 3: yeah, I'm redoing my I took out a big bookcase and I'm redoing my office, so it's less cluttered.

[45:53] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah. I like this. I like this setup that I that I got going on here. Alright, let's go live in the group. And then let's get let's get trucking on our copy. Who's Who's first?

[51:18] Speaker 3: Now, let me just ask Jeremiah.

[52:28] Speaker 2: We'll go Cindy since we kind of been going back and forth. Let's

[53:04] Speaker 3: let's Well, I was just gonna say I just saw your comment. And did you on the Google Doc.

[54:47] Speaker 1: Let me open it up.

[56:02] Speaker 2: Let me open it up here that that

[58:36] Speaker 3: okay, I don't know what page this is on. But it if you open up the sidebar where it kind of gives you a table of contents because I used that h1 h2 h3 thing. Yep, you see it? Second pass using AI on eight nine.

[64:07] Speaker 2: All right here yeah,

[64:24] Speaker 3: I added a big old chunk of story. And then ask AI to weave it into the sales copy. It is already punched out. And then this is what came up this head. I

[68:25] Speaker 2: loved all this. This was really good. This was okay. Very similar to what I had sent you. Very close to it.

[70:21] Speaker 3: Yeah. Okay, so more use the second pass with your comments from this morning. Yeah, totally.

[71:52] Speaker 2: Yeah, that'll that'll work. That'll work great. It's just it's easier. It's easier to understand it's easier for people the way I the way I think about it when we do offers is and like, we think about it this way. It's like, like, I'm not that way but right like it's more like that's not really true. We actually are but we would like sarcastically say like, I'm not that way. Mo As people are just like, mentally checked out, and in a trance when they're reading our landing pages, they're not actively like. So when we're looking at our copy, we're all focused on it. The people who are reading our copy are not as focused as

[86:14] Speaker 3: I know, some of my friends who promised to pre read it before I sent it to you even all they found was a couple of typos.

[88:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So when I look at this, so because of that, that's why I say, and I did a great, I did a lesson. That's it's going to be going into the members area. So the sales copy mastery, which adds up to the course the lesson three was really good. I did it. I wrote like 20 sales letters this past week. And so I was able to bring together a lot of that that course is like,

[95:57] Speaker 2: it's really good. I'm happy with how it's coming out. But what I broke down, and there's I said this, I said, your your sales copy, the goal is to you want to like connect with people where they're at. And it needs to emotionally grab people, even when they're in that sort of, I guess you could say trance like state. And that's why when we simplify our language, it might not sound like how we would say it, we want to there's a balance, we want to strike, this is what I said no, there's a balance, we want to strike between colorful emotive language and language that's confusing to people because they don't use it in their regular everyday life. And find a balance between the two to where when somebody is scrolling social media, they see it and they're like, whoa, that's the very thing that I've been looking for praying for dreaming about wanting to come into my life. And that's one of the biggest factors of what effectively. Now in your mentorship itself, like us all, whatever language you normally do. Because once you're in that stage, you can kind of talk about stuff and break it down for your your students in that way. In our sales copy,

[117:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I sort of I say like, you really dumb it down to the simplest way of describing each step that you're taking people through. Because the first thing you want them to have is a vision in their mind of the end outcome of all of their dreams coming true

[123:25] Speaker 2: of their dream life. So when somebody lands on my landing page, when somebody lands on your landing page, I want them to immediately

[125:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: feel that, like there's, there's there's a there's a presence, almost even a spiritual presence of like, okay, this thing that I just found, has the answers I've been hoping dreaming praying for for the last five to 10 years. Now, it might not be that way. That's a very extreme example. But that's what you want people to like within a split second even to understand. And the other part is

[133:19] Speaker 2: that the copy needs to be skimmable. It needs to be to where people can just skim it, and they still get that level of connection, even if they're just skimming through the text. Otherwise, we're demanding people sort of take the time to scrutinize and pick through and be very careful to even understand us. And at that point, most people are not going to do that because they don't have like a level of trust with us to even go to that level to read our copy at that level. So I shared quite a bit of that in in the most recent training. And I think that that's an important thing to understand when we're writing our sales copy.

[144:58] Speaker 3: The other thing while you have a Google doc open, can you just glance up at the pictures of both me and the other pictures? And do you have an opinion?

[147:55] Speaker 2: Yeah, so that's where like I'll I'll scroll. Whichever one my eye is drawn to the most. I like this one right here.

[149:56] Speaker 1: Oh, let me Oh, sorry.

[151:13] Speaker 3: Let me share my screen. I'm on my screen of it. And I like

[152:15] Speaker 2: this one right here.

[152:31] Speaker 3: Wait, wait. Okay. Oh, really? That's the one I had plugged in. Okay, I

[155:08] Speaker 2: like that one. I like this one and I like this one right here. So those three right there I think are probably going to be and then maybe a fourth you can pull like one like these two.

[158:04] Speaker 3: Yeah, those two when I did my photo shoot I just had her do it so that you know if I was pointing to copy or something That one I bought as as what the, you know, what the class would be like more for the sales after the webinar? Page. Okay.

[163:42] Speaker 2: One thing to consider is, is this the Is this the age range of who you're going to be speaking to?

[165:52] Speaker 3: Probably the beginning edge. Okay, but I couldn't find that was one of the few I could find and that's why that's why they had all women.

[168:35] Speaker 2: Oh, perfect. Awesome. Okay, so then on this one, what are we looking at here? What are we going for?

[170:18] Speaker 3: Just, you know, kind of there's some pensive kind of before pictures and then you had made a comment about or a I had about having one gal kind of pensive and one more alive, you know, kind of thing you

[175:28] Speaker 2: did at the beginning, just describing maybe some of the struggle that somebody's going through things like that. I don't know if these would necessarily be the pictures that I would pull for any of that though. I've always had a lot of success with this site, finding pictures at a good price. And so I'll do a woman contemplating

[182:48] Speaker 3: Yeah, I in picking the right adjective,

[183:47] Speaker 2: and then I'll click on best sellers right here. Okay. Okay, so this is more like fitness focus. That's not really what I'm wanting. Um, let's see newest. Let's do thinking, oops, that's not how you start thinking.

[189:53] Speaker 0: I type stuff to quit.

[190:56] Speaker 2: All the time. Let's see.

[193:14] Speaker 2: Okay, so now maybe we're looking at the word struggling. And then polish. The problem

[194:53] Speaker 3: is you're right. If I say older women or senior women, I get women that look about 85, which I don't mind, but I'm 63. So I'm kind of going, they already five would be?

[198:17] Speaker 2: Oh, middle age.

[201:03] Speaker 2: So it's considered like middle age. But yeah, that's a hard one. Could be you know, what these photos sometimes we gotta describe what the activity is that they're doing. Like woman going over taxes that's going to

[206:48] Speaker 3: versus just out the window. Yeah, but see, there's a guy in every single one of these like women can't do the taxes on their

[208:38] Speaker 2: own. This one doesn't. Yeah, I know. Right? I'm struggling to build business.

[211:34] Speaker 0: Let's see. Yeah,

[212:35] Speaker 3: it's a guy. Yeah. I know, it, I played with a lot of them. I haven't, I haven't gotten to do the photo dune on my desktop. So I'll do that. So you

[216:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: got to play around with a few of the search terms. To find some of those. And what I'll do is I'll scroll through, and I'll see which photos if I'm thinking about my sales page. This is my process of picking stock photos, as I think about in the front of my mind, the sales letter who I'm wanting to reach, and I think about different stages of the person's life. Okay, there's, there's their struggling stage. So I started thinking about that in my mind. And then I scroll through different stock photos. And if one of them like kind of stands out as like speaking to that, that's a way of doing that. Another thing that you could do is you could get an account with mid journey, when you might be able to use AI to generate your graphic.

[229:32] Speaker 2: Submit journey is really good as far as the quality of the graphics that it's that it's generating. I used I don't have my account up right now, but I used like, this is a photo. This is a photo from mid journey right here that I put on this page right here.

[234:50] Speaker 3: How come I can't, okay, there. No.

[236:19] Speaker 2: These are different photos.

[236:45] Speaker 3: I see you and I see. Okay, there you go.

[237:53] Speaker 2: Yeah, so it's just thinking about like different thinking about the different experience and stuff like that. Well

[240:00] Speaker 3: ended, it dawned on me a bit as long as they're not looking super happy because these women are so used to faking it. You know that, you know, they're not

[243:46] Speaker 2: like little things like that that you just said. That's a very. So I think of like when you just said that these women are so used to faking it that's a different type of person than people that are not used to faking it. Think about that. And now that goes into, there may be some nuance to the sales copy that will start to speak to if that's the type of person that we're wanting to reach, that will speak to them. Because there's different motivators around that there's different

[253:59] Speaker 0: if somebody just say, trying to

[254:33] Speaker 3: please what everybody else wants them to do, and they're so used to doing that now. They've learned to put the happy face on the inside. They're cringy.

[257:38] Speaker 2: Yeah, yep. So speaking to that, I think your copy does speak to that. And when I reviewed it, somewhat, I think it could lean more into that. Okay. Like, so that's where it's like, Okay, as you pivot it into that direction. Let me just let me just show you real quick, like what that would do to the copy by taking what you just said into it. Okay, so I'm going to take what I just gave you right here.

[267:04] Speaker 3: Okay, I'm seeing you.

[267:52] Speaker 2: Sorry, let me share the screen. Can you see it? Okay, yeah. Okay, so this is just this is some copy that I generated right there. Let's go into chat GBT. And let's see the difference

[272:25] Speaker 2: let me share a different window.

[272:43] Speaker 3: Would it help to do it in my chat GP or can I share with you the whole stream?

[275:00] Speaker 0: Um, no,

[275:41] Speaker 2: yes. Not for the sake of this example. Okay,

[276:34] Speaker 3: I trust you

[278:14] Speaker 0: There we go. Okay,

[279:17] Speaker 2: so I'm just going to copy what I sent you here. And I'm going to say do nothing with the above until I asked you further

[283:33] Speaker 2: take the above sales letter and consider the person that's for is women who are so used to putting on a happy face. pleasing everyone and what is it what else did you say?

[288:31] Speaker 3: Yet? They're really cringing inside.

[289:37] Speaker 2: And how would we describe cringing?

[291:18] Speaker 3: cringing cringing? Like they're there. It's not quite dying, but you can feel yourself fit fading away.

[294:54] Speaker 2: What are 20 other descriptive words for cringing to describe a people pleasing woman who is always

[297:33] Speaker 1: faking it.

[298:20] Speaker 2: It's all asshat GPT that I'm looking for certain words, I'll actually have it start to an authentic subservient

[300:42] Speaker 0: compliant. See

[301:43] Speaker 3: up there in the sentence that it gave me at the top it overly compliant we didn't say anything like that.

[304:43] Speaker 1: Well, people pleasing,

[305:04] Speaker 3: are doing it for the right reasons because it's family because their spouses are sick or whatever, you know, it's not.

[307:56] Speaker 2: Okay, so that's a distinction now. So this is how I see I see with that context in mind, reflect a more simple, so selfless, devoted, compassionate, sacrificial, altruistic. But we need some other words then. cringing inside. Can you give me some? So this is I do this all the time with Chad GBT to figure out like, how can we describe that internal discomfort? Struggling internally feeling torn?

[315:56] Speaker 2: Yeah. Hidden agony. So it took like three rounds to sort of get there. What are these? What do you think? Privately battling

[320:14] Speaker 0: silently bearing

[321:55] Speaker 2: in our conference field

[322:10] Speaker 3: turmoil could be because there's not like a medical anxiety kind of thing. It's just like they feel their life slipping away.

[326:02] Speaker 2: Okay, so now let's see what this absolutely keeping the audience's specific pain points in mind we can infuse this rediscover your inner flame. Ignite your vision. Are you wearing a smile for the world while your inner flame is flickering? You see how that type of a headline or really like asking that I see the smiles you wear the happy face you put on every single day, but the hidden agony and concealed turmoil is tearing you up inside. I've been there and I know exactly how it feels silently bearing the pain pleasing everybody yet cringing inside. And so like just speaking some of that into the copy might be helpful. That'd be good. Yep. So now that's that's really defining even more as to who we're trying to reach better. Can you

[340:13] Speaker 3: copy and just copy that one and throw it into my?

[341:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, definitely. So that's where that's like another layer to how we're able to take the copy. And when we when I talk about defining our niche, and getting more clear on that. In fact, let me ask Chad JpT this, what would you describe the process that you just did above, taking the original, I love this right here that we're doing her original sales letter and reframing it in that way.

[351:22] Speaker 2: We're understanding the target audience better. We're empathizing with the reader, my energy too. But I thought well highlighting the problem or we're offering a solution that's tailored to their specific problem.

[356:35] Speaker 2: And so and then it's using more persuasive language creating. So the idea is, this is kind of what I talked about, like

[358:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I say okay, you're going to run your offer, you're going to run your copy, you're also going to adjust your niche and tweak your copy. This is really what I'm describing as we adjust the copy so that it empathizes with the reader better. So that highlights their problem better so that it offers a more specific solution. So that it shows that we understand who they are better. Does that make sense? So every time I talk about, hey, you're gonna go back and tweak your copy after you run a test. That's really what I'm describing doing is sort of those four steps right there. Okay, now,

[367:39] Speaker 3: can I ask a couple of quick? Yes. No kind of questions.

[368:48] Speaker 2: Yeah. Jasper.

[369:41] Speaker 3: Most of your classes back in earlier in the year and everything was saying Jasper was better his chat and GPT for caught up.

[372:03] Speaker 2: It's way better? Yeah, I

[372:23] Speaker 3: know. We don't need both. No. Okay. And then I'm not anymore. Can you this is a request.

[374:53] Speaker 2: Unfortunately, they made Jasper worse.

[375:50] Speaker 3: Oh, that's too bad box. Chat GPT for when you enable that code, whatever. Can you do a little short video about that in the group later about? If there's how to how to invoke that the benefit of it because it keeps asking me if I want to give them instructions, I think is what it's saying custom instructions. Yeah. So those are two different things. Sorry. It's custom instructions. Now that I look at your screen.

[384:54] Speaker 2: Yeah. So I actually created a prompt that we just added to our prompt document that helps. Okay, under Custom instructions, how would you like chat GBT to respond? Um, so it's actually at the top of this Google Doc here. Customer instructions persona for sales copy. And it's right here. You can copy this in here. And it's

[391:44] Speaker 3: where I downloaded that two days go or looked at it two days go. Did you just

[392:48] Speaker 2: I just added a three o'clock in the last night.

[393:56] Speaker 3: Okay, I'm not going crazy then. Okay. Thank you. So you can throw this in there anticipating my need?

[395:46] Speaker 2: Yeah, you can throw this in there and it will actually help it write better copy. Just by putting that under Custom instructions. And then describing like, who you help how you serve people. I put this in here just as far as who I don't

[400:00] Speaker 3: don't have to tell it that every time it's going to default to that, it'll save that,

[401:24] Speaker 2: yes. Here's the problem. If you're now use if you're going to use it for a different purpose, you're gonna want to change it. Okay? Now, because like if I go right here, and I say, you know, I want a recipe for tacos, right? It's gonna say keep in mind, this is for general enjoyment, that does not align with a specific sales letter guidelines you gave earlier. Because it's, it's taking those really into account when it's doing that. And so, if we're going to use it for like, a different purpose, you can turn it off right here. It always defaults when you do a new chat as far as that goes.

[412:04] Speaker 3: Gotcha. Okay, because some

[412:33] Speaker 2: instructions, okay,

[412:58] Speaker 3: I did get a recipe from it the other day. And last night, in the middle of night, I was trying to create a party where it's survivor fans going to prices right.

[417:00] Speaker 0: Using Barbie.

[417:51] Speaker 3: As also things, it was really fun to play around with it, it really helps. Yeah, I understand. Yep. How it works,

[420:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: what what I'll do is to sometimes like the other day, I was really struggling with something mentally. So I described like, who I am, what I do for a living all of that my stressors in life, talked about my baby, all of that, put that all in here. And then I told I created a whole prompt on how to respond, basically told it to act as if it's a therapist and all of that. And it was really intuitive on that it stopped correcting me that it couldn't respond as a therapist by putting custom instructions in there. So that's what's really cool is the customer's instructions gives you way more control over how you want it to respond. We used to have to tell it, okay, act as if you're this way. Now I ended up basically taking that into customer instructions.

[432:01] Speaker 3: And the last Quickie, I found success at inputting data and then naming it, is there a certain structure like an asterix or quotes or is there a certain way it understands things better? Like, I'll input my story, put it save this as my story, and then I can just refer back in it. Oh, yes.

[438:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Great question. So I utilize it this way. So I did it. I did do a course as well called the chat. GBT prompt Academy, a little bit more on like, how to use chat TPT and those functions. I do need to talk about this. I think maybe in our next lesson of the sales copy with chat, GBT, there's differences between the two courses, one of them is more focused on like, using Chet JpT for everything. The sales copy 100%. So this is what I do is I'll do this, I will put like, context about my story. And I'll put it inside of brackets like that. Okay. And then I'll put context about my story again, and then I'll put my context info.

[449:47] Speaker 3: You know, like the, the old programming days where

[450:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. It's basically fake HTML. Yeah, you could even do it this way, though, like you said, context about my story, you could just put it in quotes like that context about my story. And I'll essentially treat it the same way. You could, you could do it, like I've done it this way context, like that. So whatever feels comfortable for you like to bracket it inside of, it'll sort of separate that as a chunk of data to treat separate from the rest. And then you can give it instructions on how to treat those different sections. So often, what I'll do is I'll say, okay, sales letter, or offer, I'm promote, promoting. And I'll do I'll do, I'll copy my whole sales letter in there. And then I'll do psychological info about target client. And I'll put that into a section. And then I'll do previous best performing Facebook ads in another section, and then I'll tell it, review the target info, psychological info, as it relates to the sales letter, I'm promoting and rewrite better Facebook ads for me based on those and it'll sort of weave those together to do that

[471:10] Speaker 2: by putting it inside of brackets like that, okay, that's a great way to take more control over how it does things

[473:56] Speaker 3: after the webinar, and we do a pitch at the end, you know, q&a and then tell them what's next. Available for a new kind of thing. Will you review the copy of that landing page if we asked you to or beyond the scope? Okay.

[478:42] Speaker 2: Thank you, sir. That in the group for sure. Let me know which one it's for

[480:00] Speaker 0: Yes. Yep. Thank you very much.

[481:02] Speaker 2: All right. All right. Anybody else got some copy? They want us to go over Angela. What's up, Angela?

[482:44] Speaker 0: Hey, there. Okay, so I am in the throes of all the things for this launch at the end of August to start a new 12 week coaching program session in September. And based on what you told me in the Facebook group about the the sales page that I currently have, four, my understanding from what you said is I'm needing to make it less about what we do and more about what they want to see. Is that right?

[493:21] Speaker 2: Yes, yeah. Cuz people, people, people only care about what you do until they know what's in it for me.

[495:33] Speaker 0: Right? And so because, you know, when you're close to your baby for so long, sometimes you don't see things that that you would that you would pick up on, or somebody else or pick up, right? Yes, wait. So I really, at this point in time, I'm really needing to start running Facebook ads, but I know with six steps to six figures, if I don't nail this sales copy on the sales page. It's all for naught. And I'll end up wasting money on Facebook ads again. And so there comes

[505:21] Speaker 2: a point where you got to you got to test what you got. My brain, that's why bringing it into the group is sort of the great,

[507:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, have me review it, have us look over it. Yeah. And kind of refine it maybe a few times with the groups help and then put it out there. That's how you can kind of iterate that way and feel better about the copy you're putting out.

[511:36] Speaker 0: Okay, so the copy on the sales page, the copy on the Facebook ad or both? Both. Okay, so can we sales page and kind of, yeah, fine tune it? Yeah, totally. And do you want me to share my screen? Or do you want to?

[515:48] Speaker 2: Can you share the link with me? It's, it looks a little easier if I can see it. Yes. Um, yeah, my, my mission like in the in this group is I want I want everybody to have success with their ads and their offers and get tons of clients and make tons of money. Whatever I got to whatever I gotta do, yeah. I'll look at your ads. I'll look at your copy. Yeah, that's what that's what I'm here for. That's what we're here for.

[524:02] Speaker 0: So grateful. Okay. So there's my sales page. Okay. And I love the idea that you gave me about removing the $97 option

[527:21] Speaker 2: or way to hide this

[529:37] Speaker 0: there's Yes, I'll go back in and hide that. Yeah,

[530:47] Speaker 2: let's want to hide the entry title right there. Okay. Um, yeah. Because that's kind of like, it's like, it feels weird. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is more how you would want it to look when they land on it. How many times? Okay, all right. So what are we looking at here? Where are we going through?

[536:00] Speaker 0: Okay, so just like you said, they're gonna skim through this. And so one trick that I learned to help the skimmers is to make bold some of the copy so that their eyes just hit that and it still makes sense. Yes. And so that's what I've done here sounds good.

[544:08] Speaker 2: That's that's Yep. You're getting there. Because that because that amazing. That's awesome. That stands out.

[546:11] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah. Yay I'm not

[548:38] Speaker 2: does that do we know that that's what we want to call the offer.

[549:17] Speaker 0: That's the name of the program.

[550:39] Speaker 2: Is it the best name for the program though?

[551:32] Speaker 0: It's it's what everything has been branded.

[553:38] Speaker 2: I know that's what I'm that's what I'm so that's why I'm challenging is we don't want to get so married to if that's what everything has been branded to if it's not the best, and it might be negatively affecting you. So that might just be something to consider.

[557:42] Speaker 0: Okay. Trying to buck the system. Yeah, no,

[558:33] Speaker 2: no, you're good. I I'm saying sometimes That's it. Right there. That's a great. That's why I tell people be cautious with over branding things. Because then you can end up getting like locked into a brand name that might not be the best fit. Overall, I think you can make any brand name work though at the same time. And this is your paid offer. Right? All right, then you should be fine. As far as that goes.

[565:36] Speaker 0: The webinar is, is called the Freedom Workshop.

[567:15] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[568:17] Speaker 2: It's funny, like the word recipe,

[569:18] Speaker 1: like I'm almost thinking like

[570:46] Speaker 2: formula, or when I look at the word recipe, it makes me think that this is only about actual food recipes that we're gonna be given us some language that, that, that great idea, fine recipe at the top here, a recipe is more than just the food you put together, it's a formula for success in your life.

[580:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what we're able to do is we're able to define that while you can still keep your branding, and explain to people what you mean by recipe, because I know if I'm looking at this, you're defining recipe as way more than just what they eat. Yes, yes. But that's not clear initially. So actually, your branding is not might not be that bad. If we can address that. In this initial part of the page here, though.

[587:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, what

[588:05] Speaker 2: a recipe is more than just the food that you eat. It's, it's a formula for how to do life.

[590:26] Speaker 2: And sort of defining that because then you go into, it's a deeper issue right here.

[593:06] Speaker 2: And then you break down this whole finding the root causes all of that. Because I think of like formula solution. Okay. framework. It's a it's a frame, you know, this is a recipe as a framework

[598:55] Speaker 0: for

[599:25] Speaker 2: freedom to get to the root cause, you know, something like that. Could you explain it down here?

[601:32] Speaker 0: Really well. Okay, yeah,

[602:04] Speaker 2: laning it really well down here. It's not as explained really well up here. And, and it might be like, it's the combo like the spoon and the whisk and

[606:18] Speaker 0: so maybe the freedom to get to the to the life you'll love or

[607:46] Speaker 2: it's a freedom a recipe as a freedom formula and framework to get to the life that you that you've always dreamed of.

[610:24] Speaker 0: Okay

[612:24] Speaker 0: Okay, so if I if I defined that recipe right up there after that first initial paragraph on the left Yeah.

[615:45] Speaker 2: Let me go into otter AI real here real quick. I want to see I want to take this to another level. Okay here and I want to see what chat GPT might be able to give us on this my constant battle between Firefox and Google Chrome because I never logged anything in in Firefox, but I think I might have clicked a button that made it my default. Oh. Okay, let me see here. So I'm gonna copy this right here. There we go.

[629:19] Speaker 2: Okay, so now I'm gonna take this transcript conversation. This is how I would use these brackets because it's like it's very it's a raw transcripts of us talking. Read the following conversation below and give some suggestions on how to describe the framework to help people understand that the secret Weight Loss Recipe is more than just the food they cook and the now let's see what what the AI I'm using it to help us think better a little bit. It's clear the conversation the word recipe is in the branding. But it's not just referring to food, use visual metaphors. So maybe even using draw parallels to like building their life. Define the framework clearly as to what it consists of. What are the different ingredients of it? address any misconception or confusion, utilize power words like like blueprint, or journey. Those are the two. Yeah, those were the other two words I was thinking of. It's a it's a blueprint to create the life that you've always dreamed of the life that you want. All right. Awesome. Yeah. So that's just kind of defining more and more have that

[656:51] Speaker 2: could you replace recipe was? So what we're talking about here is she's branded everything to this. Now you may, you may want to go back and tweak the branding a little bit, do a round two of the branding. There's that as well. I'll tell you, I have this conversation with Rick a lot with worship coach. Because by year two, it became very clear that we might, that this might not have been the best brand. But we were we were able to because I was like, honestly, everything's pivoting to songwriting.

[666:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, you know, he's like, Yeah, but that's what the brand is. So like, we made it work. Right? We did it by really starting to define it in the copy more by expressing like, what is a worship coach? What does that mean? Okay, what do we help people actually do? And so that's where, okay, if you gotta brand in a certain way, right? Brand only has to do with what people define it as, but they have preconceived notions as to what they think until you define it for them.

[673:47] Speaker 0: Right. Okay. So that's what I can do with resume. Okay.

[674:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, think about it. If you, here's what I think about branding, I just got this analogy, right. Now, let's say that I landed on planet Earth in a time machine, and I've not been here for 200 years, and somebody shows me this logo.

[679:24] Speaker 2: What am I going to assume that that means? It's about an apple. Yeah. And, and so somebody's gonna have to define for me that it's actually technology. And really, if you hadn't been here for 200 years, it's like these magic devices that like you can see stuff on. So it's like we identify the brand of Apple, because of the story behind it, the legends that have been built up about it. So that's really when it comes to branding, you can start, you could totally keep your same branding, but we want to, we want to start to define it for people.

[689:23] Speaker 0: Okay, awesome. So when I do that, when I tweaked the landing page, what would the angle be for the Facebook ad copy? And full disclaimer here, I still have to go in and watch the beginner Facebook ad course. And you're what you've got there have not done that yet. Yeah.

[696:15] Speaker 2: So again, when we write Facebook ads copy, I take the sales letter itself. Let me just copy this, and I'll show you when writing Facebook ads copy. This is why we focus so much on our sales letter. Because then I just take what's all here, okay. Copy the whole thing. Basically above for the following sales letter. And I'll literally just go to sales letter. Okay, paste the whole thing. And see a Facebook create some Facebook ads defined? See tired of quick fixes and never work say goodbye to yo yo dieting are done with a tormenting voice of your failure for not losing it and keeping it off. By the way, that text right there won't get blocked by Facebook. I can promise you that. It will not. It won't. The way that that's written and worded will probably 100% be approved by Facebook. Wow. Okay. Because you're not so much focused on the weight loss. You're focused on the deeper issue. Okay, yep. So and so like, that's where you could, you might be able to, you might need to remove some of these testimonies from the ad itself. Okay. But that's how you would sort of define that as far as the copy goes. The other thing is, as in custom instructions, we may want to change this to be about Um, I'll just use a simple one right here. Actually, let's do this define who the person teaching about

[722:26] Speaker 2: is I'm gonna have the AI define what it's who thinks you are. Angela. Purse personally struggle with this breakthrough transformation.

[727:13] Speaker 0: Passionate mission. Okay.

[728:36] Speaker 2: So for those y'all that are thinking of like coming up with the stuff for customer instructions, we could take this right here that it just generated, I'll just take this.

[731:24] Speaker 2: We'll put this right here. We're limited by 1500 words. So we're gonna save that. And then we're going to do

[734:34] Speaker 0: this. So you know, you have the fastest mouse in the West,

[735:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? Yeah, it's time to get so much done. I'm going way too fast. For most people, we would be here for like six hours if I kind of that's why the courses are a lot longer, because I go through them a lot slower. Okay. Right, a persona for someone who is a Facebook ads expert, define what they do. So this is how like, when you're creating custom instructions, you can actually have chat TPT write some of these personas for you.

[744:34] Speaker 2: This is That's funny. It's actually literally like creating a job description. But you could copy this right into there and use this, the Facebook ads Maestro. We're gonna copy that into there. So now that's about who were who we're talking about. Now, let's go back over here. And let's take your sales letter and have it just copy that

[755:52] Speaker 2: way that's not your sales letter. This is your sales. Sorry. We put two sales letters in there. That's funny, okay. That's why your ad came out weird.

[764:10] Speaker 2: This is how I would do it just if I was like doing it myself.

[765:14] Speaker 0: That's what I want is, if you were doing this for yourself, like that's because

[766:20] Speaker 2: when I'm teaching a course I have to like explain each step. That if I don't have to explain it, I can do it a lot quicker. Take the following info and write a Facebook ad based

[772:23] Speaker 2: tired of the yo yo dieting cycle, you've been trapped in the endless loop of quick fixes and weight loss gimmicks. It's more than just a diet plan. It's a recipe for freedom, a framework for the life you love. Release the weight from the inside out. Eliminate soul wounds with weekly zoom calls, personalized gameplan. Discover who you are and the destiny that awaits you and find freedom from emotional eating. Oh my gosh. So that's how, like you could use that. tweak that. And then what I might say is, will the following ad be approved by Facebook or denied? Please consider Facebook ads guidelines and rewrite in any way that might not be approved. If

[785:32] Speaker 2: you're struggling with yo yo dieting, discover the it's not about losing 10 pounds. It's about digging deeper to the root stop the tormenting voice if you're a failure break free. I really think that because of the context of this, I think that it'll it'll get approved.

[788:59] Speaker 0: Okay, awesome. And when when I run this ad, should I run it for them to sign up for a live zoom webinar with me where we're all together and they can interact?

[792:40] Speaker 2: Here's a revised version. Dig deeper into understanding your relationship with food, step by step blueprint to find the root cause learning to embrace food freedom, not restrictions. So again, I would try to run this see how they how they approve it. And then I would tweak I would see what they they say that. Okay, your question was running a webinar. So that's where we want to look at. This is your program that you're going to be selling And

[800:08] Speaker 0: yeah, I mean, program would love in a perfect world, that would be awesome. They just buy the program and they start the 12 weeks. But I mean, I have a recorded webinar, I can do a live, you know, webinar, zoom, I can I can do a webinar where they're not live, they just interact in the chat like I've done all of that. I've done a masterclass, I've done a challenge you, you tell me what you think.

[811:08] Speaker 2: I think for this, and the price point, you have probably the challenge model is going to work best for you. Well, I see you got 97 bucks and 497. So that's the other thing too, having too many price points can be

[814:57] Speaker 0: tough. Well, I liked your idea about just offering the 497 and the 1297. And then for anyone who did not purchase offering the 97. And I could do that and remove the accountability factor. Because for the removing the accountability factor allows them to join in the two weekly zoom calls, but I am not assessing their weekly nutrition, I am not devised a developing workout plan for them. You know, my my time is hands off, they just come to the to group coaching sessions that we offer for $97. And they don't accountability. Yeah.

[827:43] Speaker 2: So I want to I do want to get to somebody else to go over their copy. Yeah, um, what we want to figure out is, what's an offer that you can attract people to, to get them to sign up for whether it be like a three day I would do like a two or a three day event. Okay, then over each, and you kind of break down your methodology and we really break down. I think I had given you some copy for an offer

[835:07] Speaker 1: as well.

[835:51] Speaker 0: Um, you in the group? I've got it here in front of me.

[838:46] Speaker 0: Yeah, you had given me some an angle to take,

[839:37] Speaker 2: because otherwise, we could sit here for another hour and break down what your best offer angle is. And I don't think that that's, I think that that I think that we're gonna have to have you define that a little bit more of yourself. So there's this right here, feel better in your own skin? That could be some of the angle find competence to love who you see in the mirror? Yeah, as as a five as a three day event. Okay. And I thought about finding the confidence to love who they see, and doing doing an event around that.

[848:23] Speaker 0: Okay, and do maybe doing that the webinar that I have live and just maybe spreading it out over two or three days.

[851:26] Speaker 3: Yeah, so we,

[851:46] Speaker 2: that's where like to really maximize during the webinar. That's what this training went over here, the successful webinars and Challenges Program. Okay, I'll go watch that breaks down. Like what do you actually say, to get people to show up? How do you map out? What do you say? How do you deliver that presentation really well, delivering the sales pitch really well, too? Just for the sake of the, let's have you come up with a few ideas for those and post them in the group. And we can define, because we want to look at like what are some ideas for a webinar that would lead into this? I guess we could go in the chat GPT and say, what are 20 possible lead in initial webinars or seminars that might be used to market the above? Well, we program that could be offered as a free or low cost. Lead Magnet, you know, you could ask Chad JpT some ideas like that, certainly, here's some lead magnet ideas to attract potential clients. Again, breaking free from yo yo dieting, finding food freedom. Here. You could do a healing soul wounds webinar. We could do one all about overcoming emotional eating. You could do a webinar around nutrition, you could do one around the cycle, the psychology behind what we eat and how we choose how to be how to manage your anxiety on your journey. So these are all different hooks that you can figure out what's the doorway you're With your three day with a challenge or a masterclass, that's the doorway into building trust with them to then sell them on that. Now you had mentioned that the recipes was a doorway.

[883:45] Speaker 0: Right? I understand when you were saying choose one or the other, and I really need to choose this. I feel like taking them down, here's your menu plans, or here's your recipes and all of that, that that journey is so long that they they fall off, you know, before they ever get to the webinar, or here's the sales page. I'm doing a 12 week coaching. You know, I feel like they they get distracted way before that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because of the five email nurture sequence I currently have. Nobody purchased from that.

[894:06] Speaker 2: Yeah. Holy, moly, not nurturing them?

[895:04] Speaker 0: Well, they open up I have a 40 something percent open, right? I think.

[896:35] Speaker 2: But it's not might not be connecting with them at that point. Oh, right. Okay. Because you just gotta look out, okay. If it's not selling, it's not working. Right? Because they're opening.

[899:37] Speaker 0: It's not doing its job. Right. So the best way to kind

[901:04] Speaker 2: of define that job is to get in front of some people to do a presentation.

[903:00] Speaker 0: To to see,

[903:20] Speaker 2: okay, we got to figure out like, what is. So what we had done with there was, anytime I see people do like weight loss offers, they're gonna lead with the symptom, yours seems to be more about the guilt and shame of how they look and feel. You know, so that's a symptom right there. Another symptom could be, if we're talking more of like a holistic health approach, you could deal with the lack of energy that they have, that's another symptom, lack of energy to feel your best, every day. Yeah. And so that's always a winner when it comes to weight loss is because you identify what is that symptom that they're that they hate, that's not working for them, that becomes the hook that you draw them in with, and then you can sell them on, hey, I got a 12 week program that will help solve all of this for you. That's why I like to start with

[918:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: a I'm just taking a look at what your what your methodology is. And then who that fits in to, and then creating and testing out what that those people respond to. As far as free as far as free offers to where they show up, they take action and they listen to you. People only

[925:52] Speaker 2: take action on offers that solve the problem for them. Right? People don't take action on offers that provide information. And that's a that's a information can solve the problem. But most oftentimes, people if the if they feel it's just information, people are overloaded with information these days. So that's why we have to like demonstrate that we're actually solving a problem for people not just filling them up with more info.

[934:08] Speaker 2: Okay. Awesome. Thank you. There's a few things to consider here. When diving into that, but

[936:19] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah. Awesome. And I'll be able to get that, that transcript and all of that from this.

[938:20] Speaker 2: Yeah. My mouse that I use, it's the Razer gaming mouse. So I got the gaming mouse and the gaming keyboard. Alright, Debra, how are you?

[943:05] Speaker 4: I'm doing good. I appreciate that mouse tip. Anyway, I just have a couple quick questions. Thank you so much for answering over in Facebook. I really appreciated that. And then for the thing that we put together, it was like my first funnel, I was super excited. I use mailer light, which I feel like I was limited like to, like, the letters and the fonts. So but it was a learning experience. It's everything is like, you know, I see it as a good thing. You know, um, one of the questions I put over there as I showed you the picture that we we didn't advertise so what we did is we just took like, a picture and put together like, mistake and find it. We let's see us over and Facebook still. Um, we put together what did I call Like, some kind of flyer, I don't know what the terminology is. And we use that. And we put it in Facebook groups and stuff like that. And that was an

[963:49] Speaker 2: it was an organic ad a flyer. Yeah. Yep.

[964:57] Speaker 4: Yes, I'm not I'm not trying to be rude, but I think I'm gonna turn off my camera, just so we have better digital. It's not right there. Yep, that. So that's kind of like, that's what I thought was a landing page is that the right wording? Is that a landing page that I could have put into like a Facebook ad and then sent them over to the sales page?

[972:10] Speaker 2: No, this would be like, this would be called a creative. Or a graphic. I made a

[973:50] Speaker 4: post I made a post. That's the word I was looking for.

[974:57] Speaker 2: I made a post though in the group about that graphics, video ads are converting way better as far as the quality of who we attract with video.

[978:00] Speaker 4: So right and I did share that with Lynn to give her a heads up on that.

[979:37] Speaker 2: I mean, and here's the thing, just side note to that. All the stuff that's going to make you guys Mote the most successful in your business is often going to be uncomfortable. Video I'm comfortable with that. It's and it's crazy, because it's like literally each level you go to to like, make the more to make stuff more effective is almost always going to make you feel uncomfortable initially. Yeah. And that's why most people don't do it happen. Because they're trying to operate in their comfort zone.

[990:08] Speaker 0: Right. So

[990:58] Speaker 4: I guess my question is this, it might sound like a technical question. But let's say let's say we didn't do a video, let's say Linden want to do a video. And we wanted a graphic and we did a graphic like that. We would put that graphic inside of the Facebook ad and then we would take copy from the sales page. And we would use that to try to get people to click over is that the steps

[1000:12] Speaker 2: you would use the copy and you would the way that I did with Cindy. You would have chat GPT turn the copy so like convert the sales letter copy into a Facebook ad? And then what I did was I gave you some copy. That's pretty good. The copy that I posted was it was

[1005:49] Speaker 4: it was so good. It was really

[1006:40] Speaker 2: I think it I think oh no

[1007:51] Speaker 0: okay,

[1008:13] Speaker 4: and and here's the thing I was like okay, so Jeremiah just out of curiosity, did you run that through jet chat GPT because I thought about doing it but I didn't do it.

[1010:49] Speaker 2: I did and then I edited what it gave

[1011:21] Speaker 4: then you put the Jeremiah touch on it that's what you did.

[1012:25] Speaker 2: I always run GPT and then I edit when it gives me a right here and this is this is here. As far as as far as an ad goes you ever felt melodies trapped and unable to reach the world Tired of struggling alone feeling like your songs? You know, generate me for more ads.

[1018:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could test out that one graphic with these four different types of ads ready to write your heart out, struggling to turn melodies into masterpieces. craft your songs with industry experts. And now that's the thing is that going to challenge all the call yourself industry experts? Important to the people who

[1024:27] Speaker 4: are experts. This is our first one. Yeah, but

[1025:22] Speaker 2: y'all are y'all are. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So

[1027:34] Speaker 3: this is like, Oh, it was good to

[1028:08] Speaker 2: reach people. So that would be happy that you were so

[1029:36] Speaker 4: then. Okay, so that all makes sense. This is good. This is like bringing the puzzle pieces together for me. So then my next question is and I found this a struggle inside of mailer light, and maybe this is why mailer light is not Squarespace. But I when it came to having them sign up and like make a payment. It ended up being a two step process and I feel like we lost people. Because what we said to them is if you sign up here, we will send you the registration information and And we did it that way. But nobody, even Lynne herself said to me, where's my email address going? And I'm like, Oh, this is good. Like this is a good bump in the road. Because if she who's on the project asked that question, how many other people are going to ask that question? Yeah, exactly. So how is there a way to put something like I went in, you had talked about stripe, so I put up a Stripe account. I could have attached stripe at the bottom, but there would have been no email connection for me that I understand.

[1051:03] Speaker 2: Yeah, if you if you put stripe in there, you'd have to use something like, either jot form or some kind of a payment form thing for that.

[1055:14] Speaker 4: Okay, so that was something I looked into. But I didn't know if I was in the right direction. I checked out chat form because of what you had said in the class in the funnel building class. But I don't think could go at the bottom of the option to try it again. I'll just have to try it for experiments. So after

[1060:45] Speaker 2: they sign up.

[1061:59] Speaker 4: Yeah, go ahead.

[1062:57] Speaker 0: Like if I just do this right here.

[1064:05] Speaker 2: Okay, so now this is taking me to this page to be able to purchase right. Oh, I see. Um,

[1066:34] Speaker 0: yeah, and

[1066:47] Speaker 4: what and then what made it even trickier is Lynn has a Pay Pal. And Lynn has a set called Venmo. So in the next in their email, they would have gotten the questionnaire. And they would have gotten links for demo and PayPal,

[1072:12] Speaker 2: I would not have a questionnaire for people to fill out for a $27. Thing. Personally, no, because I would just try running at that point. And not.

[1076:18] Speaker 2: Oh, man, there's so many steps that you're doing to like, prevent people from taking action with you

[1077:44] Speaker 1: at that point.

[1078:24] Speaker 4: That's what I was wondering. Okay. Okay, so, like I said, where we are perfectly fine, that, you know, people didn't sign up, because we just feel like we're learning. And the next time we'll do better, you know what I mean?

[1083:27] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, definitely.

[1083:48] Speaker 4: I just have to figure out this bottom part is like, how do I set it up? Can Can you put jot form on a mailer light website?

[1086:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you know? No, I've never, I've never used mailer light, if they have a place where you can embed a form, you probably you could also make the form be where it redirects after they register as like the next page. So you can actually make that registration form be the next page after they register on here?

[1091:55] Speaker 0: Okay.

[1092:30] Speaker 4: All right. I'm taking notes down. Yeah, I'm gonna try this again. Okay, who are okay, so and that, or what was the other thing that you said, embed it or you can redirect

[1096:23] Speaker 2: them to the forum to register after that.

[1098:30] Speaker 4: But every time somebody has to take another step is like a discouragement isn't every time they have to turn to another page?

[1101:09] Speaker 2: Well, you're already taking them to three pages already. So you're actually removing a step. So what I'm saying I'm trying to take it on with the complexity a little bit here.

[1104:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that like, you could, if you can embed it, that's even better if they can just pay right here on the page. Now, if you're trying to vet people, and make sure that like who's going to show up and pay it be careful with that, again, price is a better way to do that than even requiring an application for him.

[1109:27] Speaker 2: to vet people at that level, because like we didn't vet anybody who showed up and paid $500 for the songwriter Launchpad event. But we did vet people who paid $1,000 a month for the inner circle so that was like at that level you know, it's different by the way we we had to remove kick out and actually tell them they couldn't come back to two people for the Oh, yeah. Abigail, Rebecca away and tell them they couldn't come back because they were getting nasty with them.

[1119:19] Speaker 3: It happens. Oh boy.

[1120:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: they started, they started like physically, like actually getting physical with my wife. And I like Christian event on songwriting. Like it's crazy, you know, but it's like that's like, like you deal with that when you're dealing with the public. So there would have been no way that we would have known

[1124:22] Speaker 2: that. Even with an application though, so. Right. So that's, that's the risk you run when you put yourself out there. Is this crazy people?

[1128:05] Speaker 4: Well, we're gonna play it safe. I think the goal is we pivoted and

[1129:40] Speaker 2: refuse to call them Christian crackheads. Because they were crazy. I'm talking. There's like, a normal crazy, like, 99% of people are fine. Then there's like a point 5%. That's just like, you have to leave now. You're not safe for everybody to be here.

[1135:55] Speaker 4: That's, versus when I went there. When I went to the first time there was this really tall guy. I think his name was Brad. And he was he would got really mad because I think he wanted to bring some instruments in and he disappeared. And I wondered, honestly, I'm like, in the back of my mind. I'm like, I wonder what they saw. So I

[1140:40] Speaker 2: can either confirm or deny.

[1141:35] Speaker 4: So yeah, that's like, for everybody. All right. So I will try the next one with it and bed or try to redirect to another page. So it's been, I am just happy for a huge breakthrough. The good is a really good start. I'm, I'm proud of us for that. Yeah. Um, and I feel like Squarespace could give us better fonts and better placement of things. Yeah. Because I felt like I was locked in with mailer light, they locked things in. And I didn't like that. Yeah, but what's the link? What's the thing that you use to get your email over to

[1154:02] Speaker 3: your

[1154:20] Speaker 4: page, like,

[1154:45] Speaker 2: if you're using malar light, you can use Zapier to connect it to or they give you embed forms that you can see here, they give you code that you can put on the Squarespace page that can help do that as well.

[1157:50] Speaker 4: Okay, that helps a lot. Okay, thank you so much.

[1158:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. It's funny to those, y'all that like think I'm talking over Deborah, she has a lag on her end. So that's why I'm like I'm giving my answer before she finishes.

[1162:37] Speaker 4: Cameras off, too.

[1162:56] Speaker 2: That's why she's able to get my responses on time. So normally, I wouldn't talk over people like everybody else. It sounds like I'm talking over you, which is funny. All right, Abby asked a question. And it's a very, it's a very good question. Um, you know, how do you know what texts Facebook would object to so they have documents here on Facebook, Facebook, ads, guidelines, I'll say this, they are way more lacks on their guidelines than they were six months ago. So I record that's the reason why I don't touch on that so much in the course, as I would rather you try to run an ad and see if they approve it. Because it's not the end of the world. If they deny you, I would rather you like take the risk, try it out, and then tweak it, then try to be super careful to not like, piss off Facebook. Their most like what they don't allow is has to do with stuff that is not relevant to like any of y'all anyways. So that's why I also don't touch on it as much. So they have like Facebook ads guidelines, they have different stuff, we can go find it here. Let me see learn. You've changed where all this says Facebook ads, guidelines and restrictions. Now just because Chad GBT is trained on information. Prior to 2021 they were a lot more strict in 2021. So I wouldn't worry too much about that. See, like sexually suggestive content, like most of y'all aren't doing that.

[1190:02] Speaker 0: Um,

[1190:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: they want their goal is to promote a positive user experience promoting transparency. Reading through this. I do recommend people read through this and I'll talk about that. In our Facebook ads basics course you did you bring this up. eBay is a great thing. I think I'm going to address this definitely in the basics course just in that, but mostly like they're protecting people from discrimination from scams. And weight loss is a big scam industry. So that's why they're being careful with that. And then they have an ad review process, but they're less restricted than they used to be so unacceptable. They won't allow anything that's illegal. Go. Again, they don't like anything that's anti backs. So you do have to be careful on that inflammatory content like hate speech. Military militarizing. They're kind of like, if you're running an ad to like, you know, we're gonna go storm the Capitol, like, they're not gonna let you do that, you know, um, unacceptable business practices. And this is where it's like deceptive content cheating. This is where it's a gray area with weight loss, unrealistic outcomes. And This even applies even with my own business.

[1210:26] Speaker 2: So you can read through their guidelines promoting or suggesting unrealistic opportunities, misleading business models, false claims of disease clickbait tactics. You can promote investment trading, webinars, employment opportunities, as long as you give adequate details, ah, pert, you can share personal experiences.

[1217:48] Speaker 0: Let me see, test. So this is

[1218:43] Speaker 2: content condemning conversion therapy. That's interesting. So they're talking about that's interesting. So they won't let you promote conversion therapy, they're really big on that. They don't, it doesn't say anything specifically about weight loss here. But I know that if you if you think about it in the way of

[1225:34] Speaker 2: I'm gonna have to put this on the whiteboard. Once somebody is on your email list, it's fair game to promote anything to them. Okay, so the goal is get them on your email list, get them in front of you on Zoom, and then you can talk about anything you want.

[1231:05] Speaker 2: At that point. What, before they're on your email lists. This is what you're running an ad to Facebook really is only restricted as to what you're directly sending people to with an ad. And so they want to make sure that you're not just showing, hey, somebody took this and they lost 20 pounds. And that's an ad, they won't allow that. But they could say, you know, are you struggling with the mental anguish of up and down yo yo dieting and you want some and like you're dealing with more of the mental health side of it, and all of that. It's all about how you frame the conversation in a way that's positive and encouraging. It doesn't sound sensational, again, outside of health coaching, most of the offers that everybody in this group is promoting don't fall into that category. If you are doing something related to health and weight loss, you will run into it a little bit. But you'll run into it a lot less than you did a year ago. Okay. Um, yeah, again, Chad GBT may only know their, their approval rules were a lot stricter from 2021.

[1251:02] Speaker 0: So yeah,

[1252:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get a lot of ads from meta magic five sec. See, there's a ton of ads running right now for weight loss that are actually running. So I would also look at like, what ads are currently being approved in those niches. That will give you an idea too. That's why I tell you, you need to look at what ads people are running, what landing pages they're running, that gives you a great idea. You know, you couldn't run an ad that was about

[1259:32] Speaker 2: having success with Facebook ads six months ago, that's changed. Now I can run an ad that literally says succeed with Facebook ads on the Facebook platform, they won't block me from that. So a lot of that has changed recently. Read through the guidelines, but don't be afraid of them. Don't let them be a big thing that's going to like scare you and stop you from promoting your your business. What and then keep in mind once they're on your email list, once they're on a presentation with you, you can talk about anything you want. Because they have no way of telling you like what you can do past your landing page. All they dictate is your landing page and the ad itself and then after that you can talk about anything. So that's what I've always told people you could promote literally anything. Um, you just have to frame it in a way that will get approved by Facebook. 99% of stuff that was getting denied six to 12 months ago is not getting denied right now though, which is very interesting. So test it out. That's kind of my take on that. Alright, Dorothy, what's up, Dorothy?

[1281:03] Speaker 1: Hi, I posted in the chat, there's the link to the latest landing page sales page for this yoga program. It's just further up in the chat

[1286:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Whoo. I like a little emoji there. That's that's, that's See, your offer is starting to look more appealing or it's, it's evolving. Yeah, that's, that's what happens with our offers, they get better, the more you start putting them out there, we start improving, we start seeing them in a different way than our initial, I'll tell you the worst, the most of the time when you launch your initial offer, it's not going to be perfect. Most

[1294:21] Speaker 2: of all, be okay with that. And then iterate. And so like this is I love this right here. This is good. This is good. I would add some paragraph breaks into here. Yeah.

[1301:31] Speaker 2: I would share a little bit about you. Yeah. And who you are. Underneath this section right here. Okay. Because you mentioned who you are, who it's with. I will include a little section right here before you go into what you're teaching. Yeah. But other than that, I mean, this is actually

[1308:16] Speaker 1: this is actually really good. All right, right. Yeah.

[1309:35] Speaker 2: Your sales offer. Um, what you may want to include, let me just think about like on a sales offer, you might want some, like bullet points of like, what you're gonna get out of this program. So what we could do is we could go go back to heck, I'm just gonna paste your sales copy into here. Yeah. Okay, I'm just gonna use that as part of the persona. And then we're going to take this one for writing sales copy, and we're gonna put this in here. I'm saving time by being really lazy that doing that half the half the time, like, if it's 80%, that's a rule of like business that can help y'all 80% of the way done is better than 100% Most of the time.

[1325:12] Speaker 1: Sales Letter. Yeah, cuz I just wrote an email using chat DBT today, which is the first email going out the email list about this offer. So that's the so even though I know that there's stuff I wanted to tweak on this page, and change slightly, I just thought, well, I'm going to put this email out anyway. Just as an initial thing for people to find out about it. The whole list

[1337:03] Speaker 2: so you could take from some of these

[1338:07] Speaker 0: items right here. Yeah,

[1338:42] Speaker 2: I create a list of like

[1341:22] Speaker 1: Yeah, cuz I'd like to do you know, the titles of each of the 14 sessions, because the 14 two hour sessions because it's quite an in depth program that I'm doing, which really is giving people the foundation of what the scaravelli inspired yoga is, I think nuts and bolts of it.

[1347:13] Speaker 2: That's where if we do that, it can it can get a little bit lengthy. Yeah, yeah. Oh, sorry. I've been using a different chat GPT window than what I was. I apologize. I mean. So I've had chat GB. So, okay, if we're gonna go into that you got this right here what it is, I will put like the list of what each of the sessions are further down on the page. Okay. But then I would create sort of like a bulleted list of like,

[1355:59] Speaker 1: yeah, benefits. Cool. Yeah.

[1356:55] Speaker 2: So these are kind of like, like a list of benefits and outcomes. Yeah. You know, what you're gonna get from this program includes

[1359:02] Speaker 1: x y Zed. Yeah. Excellent. Yeah.

[1360:23] Speaker 2: So that's the one thing that I would kind of add to this, I would break up some of these paragraphs a little bit. I would also maybe bold some of these sections here. But yeah, as far as your, as far as your sales page goes, you may want to also include a few graphics of like, Yeah, what a live session might look like with you. Like that.

[1366:12] Speaker 1: Okay, so few more pictures of me and, and break up the text a bit more. This is where I've been working with my administrator. And well, we need to use Canva. With that, in terms of being able to break it up with pictures or with the Bedford view, is that okay, can you put the photos in?

[1372:15] Speaker 2: No, yeah, you can totally put photos in into the into now I'm using Bedford on my site. This has been Yeah,

[1374:15] Speaker 1: yeah. Yeah, he's just watching at the moment the video three on the six six things like

[1378:58] Speaker 2: I do have a there's a lesson that I did there's a there is a course in their website building made easy. And there's a lesson on using Bedford Bedford as a as one of the themes on Squarespace. It's

[1383:38] Speaker 1: not just all with their mind, but maybe sense.

[1384:55] Speaker 2: Um Oh, man, this is my God, y'all can't see my screen because I'm like, it was frustrating.

[1388:34] Speaker 2: I get frustrated when technology doesn't do what I want it to. Okay. It's not. Okay. So like, on a landing page that you might have. Yeah, you can add. When we edit the section, you can add pictures, images. We can drag this we can take it we can either put it to the left to the right. Yeah, center. Yeah, you can take you know, a spacer, put it on the side of the image right here. Yeah. Have that add? Like? Yeah, space to the side of it? Yeah, there we go. There's different things that you can do with the Squarespace builder. And yes, you are ran on.

[1403:20] Speaker 1: This is what I've got to learn all, drag it

[1404:00] Speaker 2: next to the text block there. And then I can resize this and the text will wrap around it

[1406:18] Speaker 0: on the sales page.

[1406:38] Speaker 2: So that's how we basically I'll write the text out. And then I'll just break it up with these little images. My goal is to have an image. Every time somebody scrolls down, I want an image. I don't want a section where there's like, too much of this going on where there's a bunch of text, yeah, without there being another image eventually. And then we scroll down some more up. Now we got another image, it breaks the flow up of content. And then I'm also using these kind of bolded headlines. Yeah, I'm breaking it down as a bullet point versus putting it all in one room. So that's like, aesthetically how we build landing pages. See, we got another image right here. We got the testimonies. Yeah. And that just that sort of hails back to my my first job was editing videos and putting landing pages together. And I'm not good at it. But we've always done this format of like, pictures and texts. And it's like, we go back to you know, my mom's landing page. That's why I say take a look at how we build our landing pages as a picture right here. We got another picture. Another picture? testimonies. That's fine. If it doesn't have pictures. Yeah. And then we got. Yeah, so that's, uh,

[1428:31] Speaker 1: yeah. Because that works really well. Yeah, I've always really liked yours. And Sandy's landing pages because they're very straightforward and easy to kind of really integrate.

[1431:45] Speaker 2: Why that is, it's how the text is broken down and spaced. And the way that like, there's not a giant block of text that people have to read through. It's very as we said, you can it's skimmable you skim through the page. Yeah, most people are gonna merely skim your page. Pay attention to things that stand out to them. They're not going to really scrutinize or read through it. With the level of scrutiny that we might, and so that's why one of the one of the practices that I used to do, and I'll do this with a landing page, as I will, I'll finish my page, and then I'll go do something else for a few hours. And I'll come back to it. And I'll imagine that I'm somebody that has never seen this before. And I'll be like, Okay, what, what, where does my eyes go to? Where am I drawn to? Because that's how people are reading it at that point.

[1446:26] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. No, it's great. I mean, I'm really looking forward to learning how to do the landing page properly, and learning the tech, because I'm actually quite artistic. And I think when I get my head around the tech, I'll probably be okay at it. I'd be quite good at it, you know. And it's just

[1451:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the time that go part of the landing pages. Yeah. The course that I did that goes through that if you're using Squarespace. It's gonna be the

[1454:14] Speaker 2: final building made easy for Squarespace. Right? Yeah. So this one's all pretty much a Tech

[1456:19] Speaker 0: course. Yeah, you're

[1457:13] Speaker 1: right. Yeah. Yeah. But it's all good. Okay, also that

[1458:48] Speaker 2: the word skimmable popped out at me yesterday night. And I realized that's been like, I get language constantly to describe better, what I'm telling you all to do.

[1463:29] Speaker 5: I tried to figure out how to spell it two M's a day. Yeah.

[1464:16] Speaker 2: That's really that's a and you want to know how I came up with that? Chat. GBT helps me, I said, describe what makes a good landing page. And it's like, it has to be skimmable. For people that are, you know, they're just scrolling reading. So that stuff stands out. I'm like, Oh, that's perfect. That's a perfect way to describe what I think is missing and a lot of the landing pages that may be different members of the group are doing.

[1472:01] Speaker 5: And that's a little bit different than pops out for some reason. Yeah. Yeah.

[1473:16] Speaker 2: When I say pops out, I mean, it stands out if somebody is skimming the page, because most people that are seeing your landing pages, they're merely just skimming it. They're skimming it even they might be, you know, most people are scrolling social media when they're on the toilet. So you have a new course here how to make court how to make a page skimmable. Yeah, yeah. So or your a lot of people, they'll go all the way to the bottom of the landing page, and then go back up to

[1483:00] Speaker 1: well, sometimes I got to see what the price is. Yeah,

[1484:11] Speaker 2: that's it. And so if we look at how we interact with internet pages, that's a great indicator of how our target client does to.

[1486:50] Speaker 0: Exactly. So.

[1487:29] Speaker 2: Well, cool. This is all this is all like, just really good information here. You know, I

[1488:48] Speaker 1: wonder else? Sorry, Jess, nothing else, Dorothy? Okay. Yeah, well, let's see. Um, well, I'm working on doing a separate, but I haven't got it to review yet. The next thing I'm working on is going to be the landing page for the one pound Free Trial month, the membership, okay, I'm not going to necessarily, I haven't figured out yet whether I'm going to release that at the same time, because at the moment, I've got this other deal, which is the 60 free days with the probe. I was just gonna have it at the back end, that if I'm chatting to someone on the Discovery call, and I can see they're not ready for the program, privately offer it to them. So you

[1501:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: would borrow a lot of your same sales copy from your main offer for that. Right. They would have a lot of similarities to them. Yeah. And then figure out what separates the two and make that really clear to people what the differentiating factor is.

[1505:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. Yeah, cuz that's the next thing I was gonna do. And then I've got to figure out whether to release that to the actual email list or, or not. Because the next thing I'm doing is on the email list is I'm going to be individually contacting people so far, I've done it with the Facebook group, individually contacting people. And then now I'm going to go on to the email list. Yeah, these discovery calls. But any tips on that when I'm doing those emails? Those individual?

[1513:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I do have some tips for that. Yeah. So literally the same way that we write our sales letters, I would go into creating that persona in chat GPT. And tell him you know, hey, I'm reaching out to people through email that have checked out a pro training. They haven't signed up yet and I want to create a connection with them. Can you write me an email that creates a connection with these people? pull

[1520:35] Speaker 2: that and so let me let me just copy that in here. See what chat CBT generates for us right now. Um, you know, we're exploring some options to the software go high level, it's a competitor to click funnels, they have a chat GPT text bot built into their platform. So where people can give you their phone number and their texting with a chat GBT bot, that's actually getting them to sign back up on your, on your funnel. It kind of is broke like it's not really that good yet. That's why I haven't like rolled anything out with it yet. But me and Steven Robbins are both exploring like how we can get this going to implement even like, once somebody opts in Yeah, adding a layer to it to where you now have even some some automated AI follow up with people. But again, but it got me thinking you could manually do that when you reach out to people. You tell chat CBT acted like you're an agent that's trying to reengage with a client and you're you want to create that engagement. So let's go in here and let's let's throw some of that in here

[1544:31] Speaker 0: this is from otter

[1548:38] Speaker 2: so I copied the transcript of what we were just talking about. Yeah. And I'm gonna actually just

[1552:22] Speaker 2: paste that into our customer instructions right here

[1554:44] Speaker 0: so is this

[1554:54] Speaker 1: this is all a normal because I just use chat DPT plus at the moment, although I might upgrade to the Gafni BT four, which is worse. Yeah, you had the $20 version? Um, I think so. I think we already have

[1559:48] Speaker 2: Chad GBT four and all of them. Okay, guys. So I want to re engage with some people who signed up for my program but didn't purchase helped me create an email to send individually to a one on one person

[1567:53] Speaker 2: Hey, there we recently connected you showed interest in this couldn't help but notice you hadn't taken the next step. I understand life commitments. But I want you to know that I'm here to guide you. Here's a brief reminder of what you'll experience so that's more of a marketing email. Uh huh. This let me see this is more of a marketing email. Yeah. Yeah short, to reengage them to do a discovery call. Just telling them what you're wanting to do is better. Certainly. Hope you're doing well. We connected a little bit back on this. I noticed we didn't dive further. I value our initial talk and I believe there's some potential here. How about we catch up over a quick call? I'd love to answer some questions that you might have. You can schedule a time here today you could do that. Yeah. I would like to find out what questions they might have where they can reply

[1586:49] Speaker 2: hope this finds you in good spirits. We connected a while back on my understand that taking a step forward can be filled with questions. Did you have any questions or concerns that were holding you back? simply reply to this email and I'll do my best to address them. So chat CBT can give you ideas for like how to reengage with people belted to it to encourage that conversation moving forward. Another thing is is this is we could do this. I want to do a cold outreach to someone who signed up for a free training of mine, but I want to keep it personal and not salesy helped me

[1598:17] Speaker 0: script this out.

[1600:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hope you're doing well notice you sign up for a free training, I'm really excited to hear about your experience, what resonated with you? I'm passionate about this, I'm always looking for ways to connect with like minded individuals. I'd love to hear your thoughts like so I would skip this section, I created this Section, Session Two, I'd love to hear your thoughts, is there anything that stood out to you, and then that you'd love to hear more of in the future?

[1606:39] Speaker 2: So like, those are some different ways to use chat, to come up with ideas for how to engage with people, or messenger or text or whatever.

[1610:03] Speaker 1: Because it's definitely a whole different thing when you're reaching out individually to people. And then a whole group email, even though there is that one too many thing, but then it is still so different. When you read a one to one kind of communication. Yeah, if you

[1614:09] Speaker 2: have a factor that you know, individually about them that stood out, maybe you could include that in there, things like that.

[1615:36] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Because, yeah, because it's a whole thing. Now, I feel like I'm kind of just putting together all these different pieces, and how it's all going to work together. And I feel like I've really don't in at the deep end doing this yoga program. No, because that's a really major thing. But that will be really nice, because I'll have that done. You know, and then I can always say, when people are ready for that program, you know, that will be there. And then if I'm starting them off with a simpler course, you know, I've already recorded that before, I've got too many clients, and I'm super busy, you know,

[1625:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: when the next phase is where you might have somebody that works for you that could send those messages to people. Yeah, they can either send them on Facebook, they could send them through email. Um, the goal is you want to get to where it's a one to many approach. And so that is what we're doing is we want to get to that place. But you're able to discover a lot of like, what people are responding to by doing this approach that you're doing? Yeah, and I think that applies to everybody who's here, you know, if you want to go that route, where you reach out to people just understand this, when you do any sort of cold outreach, you are opening up your boundaries a little bit. And so I'm always cautious with that. But if you're using it for your advantage, to discover what you don't know about the client, to maybe move them to another offer. I mean, there's benefits to using different avenues of messaging people for sure.

[1640:38] Speaker 2: So it also just depends on like, how how often do you want to be interacting with people?

[1643:48] Speaker 0: For me,

[1644:28] Speaker 2: when I when I started this coaching and course business that I have right now, I did I did, like 400 discovery calls.

[1647:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100 of them became one on one clients. But, and then I identified Okay, what did all those people have in common? Well, they were all mentors, course creators, coaches, the 300, that didn't become they were all they did not fall into the category of mentors, coaches, course graders. And so that gave me a lot of really great data that then I pivoted, and I was like, Okay, I'm never doing a discovery call again.

[1655:30] Speaker 2: Because I got enough data, I didn't need it, I didn't need it anymore. And I haven't needed to do discovery calls anymore since then. So you'll get to that place where you're like, Okay, I don't need to do these anymore. And it could turn now that becomes more of just an automated email sequence versus the interaction. Now at the same time, I'll tell you this, the more because we're living in such a world, especially the last year or so, that's more disconnected than ever. People do crave that interaction one on one. Just realize that if you give too much one on one interaction for free, it devalues what you're charging for. Okay? So utilize if you're going to have a one on one interaction.

[1667:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: It needs to be for a marketing purpose. There was a lady I I was testing out a little bit with chat GBT the other day she commented on a post. I'd love to learn how to make money with my mentorship business. I messaged her I said, hey, we'd love to have you join us for this event. She sent me 10 paragraphs as to why the event wasn't gonna help her.

[1673:23] Speaker 2: And I I responded, I said, I wish you the best. Like I'm like, I'm not going with that. Guess what she registered for the event. She bought the VIP. Because I didn't dive in further with her into that issue, by me actually, like going further with her at that point. And actually created the Isn't that I want it.

[1680:17] Speaker 1: Yeah. So she just told you all her assistants put it all out.

[1681:57] Speaker 2: And I said, Well, I wish you the best would love for you to still join us. And I just looped it back to that. I think she figured it out. So keep that in mind, you know, you want to have your boundaries. And this becomes you want to systematize everything. At some point, like, you want to have somebody else even doing that for you, if you're doing any kind of sales calls like that, but I realized, like, if I get people commenting on my social media, that's an avenue that I can use to loop them back into different offers that I have, you know, and now that saved me advertising money at that point. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's a little bit of an organic side of that. I'm just, I'm just cautious to not lean too heavily on that. Because you can, you can really burn yourself out at that point.

[1695:21] Speaker 1: Oh, definitely. Yeah, I mean, I'm really finding, I have to manage my time very, very carefully. Now. Because there's so many different things I'm juggling. With the time, I'm actually recording the time I'm making the content, the time I'm meeting with the administrator, and also doing the list of tasks to send them. So it's just a whole thing.

[1701:04] Speaker 2: Now, that's where that's where we want to start to build in systems into everything. And then we'll be talking about more of that in the in the accelerator.

[1703:24] Speaker 0: Um, yeah, we're creating a course, in.

[1705:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the members area, after the Facebook ads, one, sales, copy one, I'm going to be doing one that's all about outsourcing, hiring, putting together like staff systems, project management, all of that, I'm going to put all of that into the course for you guys. Because I know that that's been a piece that's been kind of missing from here, that I do have a lot of insight on that I think it'll help take you guys to the next level. Now keep in mind, like there's a cost to that. That's why at different levels of like, if you're somebody you're like, I don't have a budget to hire people, okay, great, then you got to bootstrap it at that point. That's why you got to get cash flow coming in. And then you can start having systems that start running themselves paying for themselves.

[1717:13] Speaker 2: And that's where it's it's a business obvious is, I wonder if reverse psychology is instinct or default behavior. Yeah, I don't really play with reverse psychology much, I just I prioritize my boundaries so much that I operate out of that

[1722:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: as my default. So like, nothing can kind of, like get me to give up my boundaries to the point that because I've just I've dealt with too many issues with people to where I have engaged with those 12 Paragraph sob stories. And if I do, I'm gonna get 30 paragraphs the next time. And then when I don't respond to that, they're going to feel hurt and unheard. And now I look like the bad guy at that point. And so how we set our expectations with boundaries initially with people is how they can expect to operate with us moving forward. So um, and so the reason why I'm like, I'm, I wasn't actually even trying to get her to register. But the automatic result of that was because of my boundaries, it turned into that. And so that's what that's what a lot of people don't realize, we think, okay, boundaries is going to cut people off and limit our impact, it actually amplifies your impact more.

[1741:15] Speaker 1: Because the thing is, you have to have those boundaries, you absolutely have to because the amount of work to sort of keep things going professionally and be on top of it and manage your energy. If you didn't do that, the whole thing would call it you know, so you just have to, yes. And then people have to respect that, you know,

[1746:06] Speaker 2: well, they can choose to respect it or not. Yeah, those that don't respect it are usually they don't spend a lot of time around me. That's, that's basically that's what it is. If somebody can choose to not respect my boundaries, but they're not going to get access at that point. Because I it's not about me, controlling them. That's the key with boundaries. Boundaries is never about controlling the other person.

[1754:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where a lot of people they're like, I'm enforcing boundaries on your note, not really, you're more enforcing how you are willing to show up in the world is what it is, it's a more of a personal thing than me than me saying, Hey, you got to act this way. It's like this is what I this is how I operate and so you can either operate that way or not. Yeah, the book boundaries by Dr. Henry Cloud is one of my favorite books.

[1761:05] Speaker 1: So I've got that, yes, I've got, I've got to read it, I've actually got a huge book list because I put together all the books that you recommend. So I've currently got like a 200 pound book list I'm ready to buy. The next thing I've got a program into my time schedule is reading time, you know, and

[1766:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: audiobooks are great. You can also have chat GPT, like, save some of that time to like, you know, hey, you know, teach me about this topic. I use chat CBT to teach me about things all the time. In a very specific area, like I'm struggling with this boundaries in this area. I'm feeling this way. Can you help me

[1772:22] Speaker 2: teach me how to do what I'm trying to do? And it becomes a teacher at that point.

[1774:32] Speaker 1: Which is cool. So do you think you would put together an actual book list to have as a sort of resource in the group? Oh,

[1777:02] Speaker 2: I used to give away a book list. I may in the future. Yeah.

[1778:59] Speaker 1: I mean, it's nice the way you do it, where you talk about books that organically as it comes up in courses, so I just always jot them down as you're going along.

[1781:35] Speaker 2: I find that books can also become distracting from us taking action on our goals. So we got to be careful with that. I saw a great video from Leila her mosey. By the way, if y'all don't follow Alex and Leila her mosey they're just they're amazing. They're there. His books, I would say are great. But just their content on social media on Instagram, him and his wife. They're the most aligned and they're like business philosophies. So what my mom and I have always done. And they are.

[1790:46] Speaker 0: This is him right here, Alex.

[1791:57] Speaker 2: And he's got like just great content. But his wife, Leila. She's got her own page as well. This is her. And she's got oh, wait, that's not her page. That's funny. That he spelled it wrong. And his post? He did? Yeah. So this is her page right here. But she's got some content. She had this one that says it right here.

[1800:03] Speaker 6: Giant vision, but I think you just need to fucking get started. You just need to have no vision. That's what we did. We took action. And eventually when something kind of worked, and we built the vision, but sometimes in the beginning, when you have experience, you don't even have the context to have a big vision, you just have to go try it.

[1804:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So where is she? She did one where she was saying one of the biggest mistakes that business owners make is they read too many books about how to grow their business, instead of just like doing the work breaking stuff, and, like trying to make it work, because reading a lot of books can sort of distract you from taking action. And I completely agree with that, when I was doing the least in my business was when I was reading the most amount of books. So

[1812:07] Speaker 1: yeah, weighing it up is weighing it up, because I've certain amount of time to read, you know, but within a structure of the day, but kind of looking at that as part of the work day, you know, to structure that time in but then to be quite strict, but I didn't sort of go over that, you know, in terms of a ballot unless it was at the weekend. I just wanted to read from it, you know, and it didn't matter kind of thing. Yeah.

[1819:15] Speaker 2: It just it becomes anything that stops us from taking action on the other things that are actually going to move us forward. Rick Pitino talked about he called it a addicted to education and allergic to execution. And that's where a lot of people are at and they get very addicted to the learning and not the actual doing. The truth is we only actually learn by act by doing. And that's the crazy part about it. As I was learning a lot about my trauma and therapy and all of that. But until I started doing the work, I didn't start to see the healing. I was constantly learning about marketing. Now. I was doing it for other people for a while. So that's why I had results to pull from because we were like doing it for Rick. I was doing it for my mom. But I wasn't doing the marketing for my own business. And so no wonder I wasn't making more than 500 to $1,000 a month. And so by doing the work, being willing to break stuff being willing to make a mass be with being willing to that's one of my biggest thing is like being willing to

[1838:28] Speaker 0: just put stuff out

[1839:37] Speaker 2: there and see how simple What kind of reaction response you get? That's part of your market research, that's part of your process is to see how people are actually reacting and responding to your offer. And by taking action and doing that, and moving beyond graduating beyond just being a learner, being a being an information consumer, that's really what I'm talking about being addicted to information consumption. And stepping into starting to apply the information that we're doing. And what I always look at, as I apply it in the area that's most painful for me. I apply it in the area that's most uncomfortable to me. Because that's where I'm going to start to, I'm going to start to stretch myself and see what's really stopping me from succeeding. I have areas in my life right now, I'm sort of in a holding pattern a little bit until we get into our new house. But I'm just itching to start to apply certain information that I've learned that I know is going to grow my business. I was just talking to my accountant yesterday, I was like, I know within within three to five years, we are going to be an eight figure profit company. And he said, he was asking me this. He said, What are your projections? He's like, because that's what decides how much of a loan I could probably get you from the Small Business Association. Administration. I said, yeah, he's like, okay, great. He's like, That's awesome. If you can articulate that. He's like, we can easily get you like, a million dollar line of credit for your business to build things out. So I'm like, Okay, this is great, because now that helps me float my Facebook ads, that helps me start to ramp up stuff. And that's a way to widely use debt, because I've already proven it on a smaller scale. I can wisely use that to scale things. I'm still gonna go step by step. My mom and I talked about this though, she's like, you know, she's like, you've done a great job of just using your credit cards to grow things you got to graduate now to that next level, let's let's get you a line of credit and start to scale stuff to the neck to that next level. That's a bit that was a big factor as to how Rick was able to scale things to he did the same thing. So he was able to get a significant line of credit and be able to, you know, we how are we how are we able to test his campaign that was $60,000 in ad spend, right? Where did that money come from, by the way, that campaign lost 40 grand, but then the next month, he made half a million off of it. Because like the last 40 grand that month, but then what we learned made a half a million the next month. So that's how that's how you start to scale things to that seven and eight figure level. And that's that's a that's another game to leverage to eight figures, your it's all about leveraging your activities, working less, not more. Making the first six figures is probably the hardest part. It's a it's an S It's an escort. Yeah, it's an S corp LLC. So yeah, we are an escort. We were a sole prop before which has an additional 15% In our taxes. So but yeah, anyways. I gotta get going here. Thanks, everybody. This copywriting call lots of great lessons. I always love doing these each month because it's like it's like a different type of conversation than the than the main calls that we do. How do you get the transcript for

[1898:32] Speaker 0: what all of the chat GBT stuff that you did on the sales page, and Oh, I

[1900:50] Speaker 2: gotcha. Let me please. Let me paste that for you. Over here let me grab this and I'll go I'll go tagged you in the group. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks, everybody. Bye bye.

