LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-05-11T17:53:07.000Z
Duration: 85 min
Otter ID: qkL2HfpBE6xaWVeP_7yEDGU1cQ0
---

[1:57] Speaker 0: All right

[4:05] Speaker 1: alive and disapproved

[8:45] Speaker 0: we go

[11:02] Speaker 0: all right this is our live copywriting call ad rewrites be able to review everything with you talk over your landing pages look over what's working what's not so if you have something to review let us know post it in the in the chat can come up on screen here and we'll let a few more people log in since people are usually a few minutes late on this so

[22:22] Speaker 0: doesn't look like anybody yet has any people to review on here so

[31:39] Speaker 0: this is our live copywriting rewrite review advertising review and so if you have something that you would like us to look at share what that is

[38:01] Speaker 0: I know we've done a lot of back and forth here in the group as well

[41:47] Speaker 0: right so again, this is our live copywriting review call. If you have copy ads landing pages offers to review to look at to get to get feedback on share it let us know that you would actually like it to be reviewed. And then we will go from there. And I'm going to keep repeating this like a broken record until somebody actually says something. So this is our live copywriting review call. Where we're able to look at your your landing pages your offers the copy that you have your ads so if anybody has landing pages offers copy that they would like looked at or reviewed or gone over let let me know.

[59:45] Speaker 2: Just shout it out. I'll just post it in the chat. Is that what

[60:46] Speaker 0: you posted in the chat? Raise your hand Let us listen. Nobody's

[61:54] Speaker 2: nobody else is gonna go. Oh, oh, but I'm looking for

[62:48] Speaker 3: the mail older ones. My first one

[66:04] Speaker 0: you know

[67:43] Speaker 0: the only way to grow a coaching business and to get clients is to have an offer where you get clients with. So

[70:56] Speaker 2: that's just a landing page for a PDF download. Okay.

[72:57] Speaker 0: And what's the thought behind the PDF download?

[74:02] Speaker 2: It's a new generation. Okay. Do you mean what's the what's the actual PDF itself?

[76:00] Speaker 0: Now the thought the thought process behind the lead generation for the PDF?

[77:14] Speaker 2: Yeah. Well, it was people saying you've got to have you got to have a lead gen. You got to have something that people can download. You got to give them a reason to give your email address. So that's from And yeah, it was you

[80:24] Speaker 0: know, and what's what's funny is now everybody has a lead gen, everybody's got an email address all of that. And so honestly, what

[82:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: most lead gen offers, unless you're, you have some kind of a sales pitch attached to it are pretty much worthless now, Ryan's opinion, yeah. And what we've seen because it's just like the lead gums in the person disappears, they unsubscribe after they got what they what they wanted. And so it's actually taking people like just getting a lead, like, you know, that's a that's there's not much value behind that anymore in this business there was five years ago.

[92:05] Speaker 0: And so we have to actually, when we get the lead, there needs to be some kind of an action that people take to where they get pitched on something to buy, or they will literally just forget about you next

[96:01] Speaker 2: week. Right?

[96:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, and just expecting them to, I'm gonna go check out his website, or I'm gonna go check out what's on the, on the email list or follow up emails and all of that, again, 543 years ago, that was great, great stuff. Now, there's so much competition after after COVID-19 happened in the coaching space, that you have to actually get people in front of you to listen to you give a sales pitch in some way, whether you're getting them on a on a sales call, which I think is extremely time consuming and a waste of time. Or you get them on a presentation with multiple people. And I think that that's the best way to do that. And so are you following up with all these leads? When they sign up on your list? Are you reaching out to each one of them?

[111:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, not yet. That'll be the, that'll be the next thing I did a couple of times, because I did a live like this zoom call several months ago, and just didn't get any takers on the call. I shifted the time to this week, actually, I did my first one on Monday, where I did a zoom, it was very well taken by one person. And there was a couple of people actually watching from my old Facebook group as well. So that was quite interesting. Okay, I didn't send it but I didn't send it out to my list, which would have been there's people here. And the whole point of that one was about how to how to fall asleep better, and then wake up supercharged next morning. And the idea behind that was described step one of my program, that's what that's where I was at with that, which is the first side of the cube, the red side of it here. So we talked about your thoughts and how you get them talked about breath work. So I did a little thing with a, like, a breath work thing, which I call birthday breathing, which you actually get, as in the follow up sequences for this PDF. So when you download this PDF, what's

[127:44] Speaker 0: your open rates on the follow up sequence, and people clicking through the consuming that?

[129:32] Speaker 2: It was, it was okay, I haven't checked it to be honest, I've changed providers know about change.

[131:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're, if you're gonna have a follow up sequence like that, you want to look at their consumption rate, which is you want them to then click to a page to get another piece of content, so that you can get a tracking percentage as to how many people actually took action on that. That's a big number as well, in any offer that we run is I'll look at, you know, I can get $3 leads for the topic of start your coaching business from scratch. But my show up rate is 1/3. The rate of grow your coaching business with paid advertising. So $3 leads, it's essentially the same as a $9 lead for a for that other offer, because the amount of people who actually show up is there, and then the action taking level is almost half. So it's actually I can pay as high as $18 a lead for grow your coaching business with paid ads to get the same result as a $3 lead from an offer that says Start your coaching business from scratch. So that's taking it ends up taking like six leads from this one to equal the value of one lead from that other offer. Because it's just it's a it's a different stage where somebody is out on their journey. They're looking at a different a different place of their commitment level. Now the other thing we want to look out for the copy here because I think that this copy is a good start, but we want to as well just dive into

[155:42] Speaker 0: and I always addressed this I said I actually talked about this a lot on the on the five day event that I'm doing this week and in the VIP because we had some really great questions. I started reviewing some people's like landing pages and stuff and 99% of the time, whenever I look at somebody's initial landing page is it's it's on the surface, it should work really well. The reason why it's not attracting the clients that we want as well as we want is because we have to go deeper into the the fictional narrative timeline of the results or outcome. And so when somebody creates happy thoughts, and five minutes a day, I'll just take a look at your offer here. When somebody stops spending so much time thinking negatively about their life, which I'm somebody who has dealt with this for years. So I, I understand that. I'm, like, what happens to somebody, after they stop doing that behavior, especially, I'll tell you this for that type of an offer. I was not open to even thinking about stopping talking negatively, until I realized, Oh, this is actually going to affect my relationship with my wife. My business growth, my ability to lead people in my ability to even be creative. So like, like, because I creativity, creativity in business in business gets almost completely sucked away and is non existent when you're talking negatively about yourself. It's pretty, it's pretty powerful. So the idea is, then we want to think of okay, are we are we speaking to? Who are we speaking to? Is it is it every day people that are in in a job, a corporate job? Are we talking to business owners? What is kind of the Yes, result outcome? Well, you got to decide something that because the language that you use for business owners versus corporate employees, those are two separate offers. So if you want to help both, I would run two offers that then lead to the main thing that you do, but they got to kind of be separated out because what motivates one and the other is two different things. So that's kind of what I that's kind of what I like to address when we're looking at sales copy and offers

[197:26] Speaker 2: is, yeah, this would probably be for business owners, I would think initially, because that's what the route that I've been through. Although, interestingly, when I was struggling, I was in corporate, so it probably does, yeah, it probably would probably need to go

[200:32] Speaker 0: Yeah, it goes, it goes to both. But listen, I'm just being in corporate is going to make you think negatively about yourself, the whole system is designed. I mean, let's be I, I have a lot of empathy and compassion for especially people that are looking to build a business and are still in corporate because you're literally fighting a paradigm that goes against what you're trying to do. You're literally fighting from two paradigms. And I had the hardest time even. Last year, in the year, a year ago, I share these stories just to inspire and help people. About a year and a half ago, most of my time was spent as a consultant to companies for their marketing. And I found it very hard to have the confidence to launch my offers the way I needed to, until I set a boundary and just started telling his corporate clients like yeah, you know, I can't help you. In that way I can meet with you once a week I can do this. And they all they all ended up dropping me as a client, because they just didn't like the fact that I wasn't an ATM machine. And they could contact what was funny was the next month after doing that my income like 10x itself. So my my income 10x itself by getting out of that environment of of these other people that I was serving and around. So like that's all of that I look at as just as a How can we encompass telling that story in your offer? And so then for you, John, what you're looking at is, especially if you're talking about business owners, or people who maybe they want to progress in their career, I think that that could be a good one. As and I wrote this down this morning, I was I was before I do anything like this before, I'm always thinking about like, what's the nugget that I can just bring forward to help people more and more and more. The offer needs to be aligned with what will be profitable. And I think that that's a big a big angle. That's important. And so profit profitable. Pardon? profitable for them, or not profitable, profitable for you, right? Specifically But for it to be profitable for you see people make investment in coaching, mentoring a speaker life transformation, because they believe by making this investment, it's going to move my life from here to here. And once I get here, it will, it will be worth more to me than the financial investment that I made into this coach. The app that's that is the the the moment of buying decision that every client makes no matter what coaching niche you're in. Does that make sense? And so like so like for you is we want to be able to bottle up a attracting people that are looking to make a change. That's an important part of it. Remember, when I mentioned like people with who want to change their mindset or need therapy, they're the hardest to sell to. However, if they've made a decision to make a difference, and then you attach it to some kind of a dream that they already have. That would be worth the financial investment of solving this problem of okay, I'm dealing with these issues. You know, who you know, who does a really good job on this topic right here. It's actually the topic of her entire book is Mel Robbins. Right? So Mel's book.

[267:18] Speaker 2: High five, happy I think it's the

[267:35] Speaker 0: High Five habit is gain confidence, erased self doubt. And so she's leading with this is actually what got me was her hook right here take control of your life, because I felt like my life was out of control.

[271:18] Speaker 2: I can I can steal that. I can.

[272:04] Speaker 0: 100% Yeah. So that's and that's, that's the thing is, is take a look at Okay, who else is out there that that is leading with some of these concepts again,

[274:55] Speaker 2: because this this is exactly what I'm doing here. This is this is take control of your life. One simple habit as well. All of your life, slightly different habits. And actually, part two of it. And in my program, one of the things I talked about is the high five ideas. Yeah, morning in the morning, you did a high five and then in the mirror stuff, I have a whole bunch of other ones. Yeah, habit stacking concept, which are basically say, you wash your teeth and then you do the high five and then you smile at yourself. Then you say your affirmations then you what you spread your arms. And then you walk up and down the stairs, you get out of breath. And that becomes it builds and builds and builds on top of everything so

[283:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: so a lot of your copy. See, here's the thing is, is we don't have to reinvent the wheel is like okay, you're you're not blonde Mel Robbins with her glasses and her long hair and all that right here. I'm John Denley, who can literally help people in the same way.

[289:08] Speaker 2: I'm not American.

[289:48] Speaker 0: I love to see your life. That's that's a real huge hook. And now what does that extrapolate out to further? And that's what's really cool when you read Mel's book, she tells stories as to what taking control of your life visually would look like. Yeah, the way that I the way I think of books, the a lot of people.

[296:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I've been in this industry. So long a book is essentially a written long form version of a webinar or a multi day event for most people because they don't Mel's not making a ton of money off of her books overall. Now she might be well, she is making a lot off of her books, because I know that she sells way more books than most people do. But the average author is probably not going to make a lot of money off of their books. The way that a good book is designed is to draw you in, tell the story and reframe your thinking about a specific topic. But then she directs you to then join her for a three lesson training right here two hours of coaching, three lesson training. That's essentially a three day challenge. Yeah, and I have

[309:11] Speaker 2: actually got that off the back of this. So the follow up sequences is day one is like here's the neuroscience behind what you're trying to do. And are you struggling to get started? Here's some some tips and techniques is day two. And so on the landing page at all,

[313:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you combine your that offer with the lessons and this free download right here, and you make those all together as sort of like, I'm gonna give you my system. Yeah. And it's kind of this is my system that you can use. So you kind of bring the two together, you take that whatever's on the back end of this that you mentioned. So you said Have you got the video tutorials right here?

[320:32] Speaker 2: Oh, it does say oh man. Yeah, it does. So I've always got it done at some point that I need to say that and look at

[322:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: this though. It's it's undervaluing and under selling itself as to what you're actually giving them. I think that that right there. And I'm more, I'm more picking up on that just because when I first saw this, I'm like, Okay, this doesn't really look like anything super interesting. But as you've described it to me, I'm like, Okay, this is actually like a powerful tool, we just need to relax, have a better word, you need to, in some ways over embellish the value of what it actually is to people on the landing page to make it sound very exciting. Because ultimately, people are there. They're doubtful of everything that they see online, they're doubtful of the results that can create and so that's why we got to look at what what is that dream outcome that somebody can get. And then work backwards from that in your offer copy and your landing page. To make it more exciting to to login, right? You got to think about this. It's random people sitting on their toilet, scrolling social media, and then you stand out to them, they sign up for something. And bout 80% of them really aren't that serious about what they sign up for that we just got to be, like, realistic about what we're dealing with in the marketplace. But that 20% They're like, Okay, this is really cool. And they're gonna dive in, and they're gonna go through all of that. Okay, so now, what do you have at the end of those video calls? Do you have a call to action to a program? Not yet. Okay. Okay.

[349:46] Speaker 2: That sounds uh, yeah, I'm nearly there on that, that process. So yeah,

[350:55] Speaker 0: so then what, again, what I would I would launch for a program as you could, you could create something that that is, you could you could teach it on demand, or you could, you could pre sell it with a certain release date to kind of give yourself a little bit of motivation, one thing that we we have to do that can help us is set a deadline for when you have to actually finish something. That's why I like live events, because it kind of puts fire under me to make sure that I have everything done by the certain date. Yeah. And that, and then that makes sure that that happens. So I again, I actually, I found this to be true. With most of the coaches that are in this program, their offer itself, like what they're actually offering, if you really dove into it is actually pretty awesome. I would I would bet that your your content is really amazing about how we present it to the world, is what we got to massage and tweak. And we got to that's what is going to draw literally 1000s of people to you, every single every single month, we get I get

[369:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not spending a whole lot on ads, we're getting about 300 to 500 new people on my email list every month. Wow. And then that's, and then that's converting to right now about 20 to 30 new people in our program. And I've just realized to Okay, I need to pivot my offers just a little bit. So I've gone in I've, I've spent the last month while I'm redoing my offer stack, I have notes right here have a whole new list of offers that I've never done before, that has gotten a probably be launching in June or July. So I'm going to go back to the drawing board between now and July and actually sort of completely restructure all of my marketing hooks for my business. Wow. So and then when I know is going to happen from doing that, because it happens every time is our leads, cost is going to come way down again, more, because it's kind of it's kind of risen really high. It's like 15 to $20 a lead. So I can still make a good profit on a $20 lead. But I really liked where we're getting them for $5. And so I want to bring that back down by taking a little bit of extra time instead of working so hard, trying to make $20 leads convert, go back to Okay, here's the $5 leads, what I've been doing is I've been every single time I see an offer from a coach or something pop up on my newsfeed whether it be Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, I click their offer. I opt into it, I sign up for it and I look at okay, what are they offering on the back end? And so I'm reverse engineering what other people's offers are that are in my industry. And I'm looking at okay, what hooks are they using? And then I'm noticing the same hooks that I was thinking hey, I should might need to go in that direction. I'm noticing a pivot in the in the in the industry to go in that direction. There's a training that I'm about to upload here as well, from the friendly follow up course, where I taught something that I've never, I've never taught before. It's on my other whiteboard paper, I think

[404:09] Speaker 0: what I see, is it right here? No, it is right here. Okay. So, I don't know, let me let me just redraw it out for you, because it's gonna make more sense, why redraw it out the market. The market is a living organism, and it changes the desires of the market change every six to 12 months. And so that's why I see a lot of people like that they're sitting on one concept, or it's the same idea that they tried to sell a year or two ago, it really won't convert now until they tweak it a little bit. And the way that I drew it out was almost like a bucket of marbles. And these marbles, they're not stationary, they're all They're all rotating. in different directions, though, they're not going in the same direction. They're all rotating in different directions.

[421:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so in between the marbles, these are imagine these are rotating marbles, they're all moving together, in sync, okay, they're just constantly rotating, this one's going this way, this one's going this way. In the middle here, this is this is called zero profit zone, you're not going to make any money promoting something in this zone, right here. Okay, what ends up happening is a lot of times because these are rotating in the market, is we'll create an offer that's making six figures. But because it's rotating, it'll eventually kick you out into zero profit zone. And you have to go back into Okay, deeper into whatever that niche or idea is, because the whole market is a moving organism with other coaches, other mentors, advertising and promoting. Really, if I could point to like one person who probably has changed the game, and in the industry that I'm in, it's going to be Dean Grazi OC, because he's put the most amount of advertising behind creating a business with online courses and coaching, and so on, I even noticed his offers are starting to shift just a little bit, because that's this moving organism of the marketplace, eventually is going to knock you into zero profit zone. If you keep promoting the same thing over and over again. Now you can find the deeper that you are in the center part here it can last longer. So for instance,

[446:29] Speaker 0: when we were helping Rick Pitino promote his offer prophetic worship and worship discipleship and all of that it was more of a fringe offer, and eventually stopped converting. But when we went more towards the middle portion of songwriting, it became an eight figure offer, because it was a lot deeper, there was a lot it was not a wider net, it was a deeper net of people that it was going to take longer. As far as March, April, May, June, July, August, I'm talking about taking longer, I'm talking about timeline on a calendar, promoting something from March 2021 to march 2023. That's a two year cycle right there in a marketing cycle. Now I look at this as well, the same way that the iPhone the same way that Apple releases new versions of their computers, all of that, you know, if Apple kept trying to sell us the computer from four years ago, which some people argue that they are whatever, but if they if they,

[463:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: they re present it repackage it as if it's this whole brand new thing, and they tweak just one or two things, and now their stock goes back up. It's the same way in the coaching business, because you have this ever moving market. And so that's why we have to say, Okay, what is the market looking for specific? Nice, that's awesome. What are they looking for? Specifically? What and how can I pivot in a direction that is more sustainable? And this is also why it can become disappointing if you have an offer that's really converted for a while, and now your lead cost is going up and up and it stops converting that that happens. That's the reality of what happens but all you got to do is just Okay, let's get let's let's move slightly back towards the direction of let's dive deeper into what the prospect wants. Let's dive deeper into the story that we need to tell to connect with people and then that's going to help us actually attract and create offers that people want to make an investment for.

[479:44] Speaker 2: Yeah, so Oh, I see God he's got a hand up isn't a new thing. Dorothea. Was that commenting here?

[482:07] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, yeah, not the hand raising is a zoom thing that you can do.

[483:11] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, no, I wasn't sure if she wants to comment on what we were talking about or whether it's a new thing you're on mute by the way, Dorothy

[485:02] Speaker 0: fundraisings usually because she, she's going to, if you want us to review your copy, just raise your hand and then we'll put you in the queue if you want to look at your offer I

[487:11] Speaker 2: was jumping in because nobody else was. Okay, so so we need to. So my, my question then because you were immediately saying, What's the story and what do they want out of it? So obviously, we're looking at that page. And we're going well, let's not retain the story. So what was your suggestion going forward? It was obviously going to rewrite that page or restructure that.

[492:36] Speaker 0: So generally. applause I know you're here. I would run it through a a series of the chat GBT prompts that we were using to pull some of that out of there. But we want to think about as you mentioned, corporate do we want to do business owners? Do we want to do both? Basically, anybody who wants to progress their life in a way is there some kind of an outcome or result that these people want? And is there a backstory that is is there a certain backstory as to why they spend so much time thinking negatively? Why they struggle to think happy? Is there a backstory behind that? Yeah, a life experience a common like a trauma or a pain or something like that? Yeah. So you we can put all of that into the some of the copy on here. Yeah.

[509:52] Speaker 2: So I suppose to my quit my main because I tried when I tried to do it in the past. I find myself writing like too much copy. And it's it looks boring.

[512:25] Speaker 0: Right. GBT is really cool. You can have it write the copy. And then I can say, okay, condense this down. To be sure. That's

[514:09] Speaker 2: a good point. Yeah. I keep forgetting I have the power of GBT. Now I keep Yeah, when it comes to copyright, it is boring. It was such a painful nightmare. Yeah, so

[516:43] Speaker 0: tape. And that's, that's it, I would encourage you, because you've been around online marketing for so long. Take a lot of the stuff that was a nightmare to do. And just see what kind of results you get from chat CBT being able to process through this, I'm just typing in right here. I'm like, This is great, they might be conditioned to believe that self improvement or mental health initiatives are indulgent, unnecessary and ineffective. They might have a personal bias that leads towards skepticism. So addressing that upfront, and even honoring that bias is an important part from the copy angle. as well to get stuff break free from negativity, turn your thoughts so this is a good start right here. This is where though I really liked this these two prompts, outcome and results generator.

[531:19] Speaker 0: So generally, what I like to start with is we already have kind of your initial sales letter. So I just copied that over. If you don't have one, you could just have a generate something randomly, and then list out the pain points, lists out their frustrations, all that and that that comes right from the Dan Kennedy book right here. So so this is doing is the chat, GBT is actually generating some of these ideas. Love to switch in your brain from negative Nancy to positive patty and five minutes a day. Um, so again, this is still focusing on the same kind of what they're struggling with, I really want to get to the outcome part of it. And what I what I do is I'll generally just play around with the with the AI and have a process our copy a few times, till it till it sounds like what I want. And then what I'll do is I'll copy all of what its outputs are. And I'll do a curation process, to where I start removing the lines of text that don't resonate with what I'm actually doing.

[550:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it gives me all this output. And about 50% of its output I'm probably not going to agree with or think it really fits my offer. But the other 50% will fit my offer. And this is where it being an AI and not a human is actually pretty interesting. Because what you're doing is by removing that 50% That doesn't resonate with your offer, the AI is going to be able to shift its output towards the 50% that does resonate with you and its outputs will be improved next time.

[560:00] Speaker 0: All right. Whereas a human wouldn't actually be able to do it that quickly. Yeah, by you removing, okay, if we, if we read through, and I just go through and I generate a lot of outputs, this is what I do on my, when I'm on a one on one coaching call with people is I'll go through and I'll say, Okay, let's just, let's just generate a bunch of outputs. And then let's remove what doesn't actually resonate with what I want to help people with. And then let's have it reprocess that, and see what it can pull out of that. And usually, that's like golden copy at that point. Because otherwise, you're just, it's just gonna end up hallucinating the same bad ideas over and over again. And so that's where you want to actually go in there and delete lines of copy that it generates that don't resonate with what you're doing. And then have it reprocess the same things. So again, hard working, professional, persistent negativity and pessimism. No longer consuming his thoughts, his colleagues started to notice a change. This is the this is the outcome generator, they, they became known as a team member who can find a solution no matter how dire the situation was. Yeah, that's me. Yep, there you go. So that's so that's, that seems like it's already generating a little bit more that's in alignment. So that what I would do is I would craft your offer around. Um, Mmm hmm. And here's this is more, just let me ask you this. What a desire of these people be to be more heard in situations where people overlooked them.

[589:45] Speaker 2: Now, I wouldn't say sir, okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's more about their internal. I mean, for me anyway, when I was because I'm just thinking about myself when I was struggling with this stuff. Yeah. For me, it was just about getting feeling more motivated and feeling like I wanted to do stuff and just being a bit miserable about life is like, Oh, God, life is such hard work. And so things just be easier. And yeah, yeah, um, I always just feeling so down on myself, and why doesn't anybody else like me? That kind of stuff. So

[599:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so that's, interestingly enough, well, those are two, those are two slightly. So this is where, again, we're talking about our copy, those can be two completely separate offers, as Cindy put in the chat here struggle with being understood, that's a different problem than maybe somebody who just doesn't feel motivated in life, and they want to really keep going forward. Versus, and that's what's funny is, this is where, what you want is you want your offer to attract more of the people who want to feel more motivated, and less of the people that are actually struggling to be heard and understood. Right, of course.

[610:53] Speaker 0: Because my motivation for actually having more healthy thoughts was so that I could express myself more clearly, and be heard by people. I never really lacked motivation in my life. I never lacked the discipline or desire, I was actually so self critical that it kept me on track to motivate me, which is funny. My negativity sort of was my superpower that kept me working hard. But what was funny was I was working too hard, and nobody was paying attention to me. So that that filter right there, now we have that's a that's a pivot in our copy that we want to address. More people that that they're really struggling to even want to do something with their day or with their life versus like, they're really like you said, they're dealing with depression, versus I wouldn't say, everybody who wants to create happy thoughts is dealing with depression. They could just be dealing with self hatred, self loathing. And that can come from for me, it came from just trauma and abuse in my life. But I wouldn't I

[629:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say that I've had very many days of real depression in my life. And so so it's hard for me to resonate with that. So I would never sign up for an offer about depression, but I would about talking less negatively about myself in order to achieve more. So that's where you sort of your offer, wants to speak to the right experience of your client

[636:19] Speaker 0: versus just everybody who wants to stop thinking negatively, but rather more of those that fit better into your system.

[638:16] Speaker 2: And I've just realized one thing as well that that I've been struggling with here. It's just it's just like flashing behind Being flashy, obvious here. Yeah, I've written that page to try and be as sort of semi generic as possible because I didn't really know what people were going to be wanting when they get there. But of course, what I've just realized is that you're actually doing adverts. And of course, you'd be doing an advert for a specific bunch of people that goes to a specific landing page, and then you have a different advert went to a different landing page. And then they both end up at the same place, ultimately, but the message was the same, but the result is the same as the the offer is, the offer is the same, the delivery is the same.

[647:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what you'll find is, that's more testing which ones people really resonate with the most, um, you want to get to the place where it's just, it's really just one offer one type of person that you can that that is ultimately going to make the investment, because they can they can see in their mind, and they believe that there's going to be a result, the more generic we are with our offer, the less likely people are going to actually take action on an advertisement.

[656:07] Speaker 0: Because they're like, Well, I don't know if this is quite for me. And then when they get into it, they're really, you know, if it's somebody who is looking for what, what I was looking for, it's it's, it's just, it's different. And so, again, I you're living under a cloud of negativity can't remember the last time you felt true joy, I get it life can feel like an uphill battle constantly battling negative thoughts. Yeah, I used to struggle to find the silver lining in any situation and always expecting the worst. It's like a never ending hamster wheel, I found a way to break free and I want to share that method with you. So this would be the sort of some copy right here. To obviously, this isn't that bad right here. This is great. But I would add into it that little story part right here that we have, where you're inviting them to. It's not a free webinar, but it's it's what your offer is, is I want to share my system with you have been effective with XYZ. It's scientifically backed. It's not some magical potion. But it's a scientifically backed practice, it only takes five minutes a day. Don't let negativity steal your joy any longer join me on this training. And then what we could do is we could say, write, write a headline that speaks to the outcome somebody has and also addresses their objections similar to this template. And then what I'll usually do is I'll pull one of my own headlines from my offers right here. A lock a joyful positive life in just five minutes, even if you've tried everything else, are skeptical about quick fixes. And don't believe you have time for self improvement. So that can be a headline right there. It kind of follows this sort of same headline format that we did for this offer right here. And so then what I could also do is okay, maybe we don't like that one. Generate for many 20 more headlines similar to that one. You know, you see how, like using the AI really starts to unpack the different ideas of how to tell your story. How to tell the offer how to do that. Oh, all right. It has to go.

[699:09] Speaker 2: Pardon? Like directly it has to go. Guess you missed a chance. MY fault. Sorry.

[702:05] Speaker 0: Oh, I don't think it's anything to apologize for you.

[702:42] Speaker 2: She's still muted for going

[703:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: over your offer. So anyways, yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna take Dorothy's question here. But does that does that help a little bit show kind of some of the process that can help craft some of these offers for you? Yeah, yeah. And then the the landing page blueprint course that one's a really good one, I think for where you're at, oh, it just breaks down. We use the same landing page style for all of our offers. And then next week, I'm creating a mini course I call it a mini course because it's going to be two lessons long. If I do it just for two weeks. It'll be on funnel strategy, just kind of our funnel strategy. I realized I don't have a funnel strategy training I just because we sort of just we use one funnel, but I'm gonna break down the funnel strategy over the course of two weeks on that, which that was something that you had requested, I think the week or so ago, so I was like, Yeah, that's a great idea. And then after that, I'm going to be doing probably a four to six week course on. I haven't come up with the name of it yet. I'll use chat CBT to help me come up with it as like webinar and presentation IT strategy and just getting better at delivering the live sales presentation doing a whole course on that. We did the virtual event playbook course. And it touched on that for about half of the course. But it was more about the overview of virtual event, I'm gonna dive deeper into the actual, like a presentation of whether it be a webinar or a three day challenge or a five day challenge. And just focus on that for for about four to six weeks. I think that that's really going to help this group a lot. So

[728:00] Speaker 2: I have one more question, but to do. Okay. What's the question? Oh, it's about it's about the funnel. And what happens next? So it'll, it'll Oh, yeah. Yeah. A couple of minutes. So

[731:50] Speaker 0: yeah, in the funnel, what happens next is there's there's usually a

[732:50] Speaker 2: well known because I, I've got, I'm creating an actual physical book on Amazon print on demand. So it was so and that'll be the so the first one is the free PDF downloads, and then like, next page could then be go download the actual physical journal from Amazon. And I was just like, whether or not I could then incorporate maybe the video training and then make it a paid offer, or whether they did the training should be included in the free part. That was the question, really, so but I thought that was gonna be too, too long answer.

[741:16] Speaker 0: Yeah. Let me get to it. Let me get to Dorothy's questions here. And then can you go post that in the group? And I can respond to you on that what you just said? Oh, okay. Yeah. Because then I can kind of break it down for you. I have a few things. I'll share on that. That'll help you.

[745:42] Speaker 2: It's a good idea. All right. Because it's not really copying anyway. So yeah,

[746:32] Speaker 0: yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Let's go over that in the group. And I'll be sure to, to get to that for you.

[748:35] Speaker 2: My Yeah, my deadline is next Thursday. I think it is. Yeah. My second payment.

[750:26] Speaker 0: I gotcha. All right, Dorothy. What's up? Hi. Hi.

[752:05] Speaker 3: Hi. Yeah, so I sent an email with a story intro of how I came to the scaravelli inspired yoga, because I thought it would be good to give more backstory to how I found the yoga and how it was different to other sorts of yoga, where I'd practiced. And then also more about my story of where I was sort of physically, emotionally, in my mid 20s, and the transformation that came through practicing yoga, because I kind of felt that that was a bit missing on the opt in page, and you had to put more in about myself. So I'm going to be rejigging the opt in page, bringing in some of the stuff, you know, that you wrote, which was really great. So I thought if I have some of this intro, yoga story of the transformative experience I had, and then also talking more about what they're going through. And then I think that will give a lot more sort of groundedness to the page. And for people really, to see how it's, you know, it's quite a unique practice, as well.

[772:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So just so you're aware, I don't I don't check my email, maybe more than once a week. Okay. And so like, I see you even we're making a request in there. So like that I'm not seeing that we have a customer service team that does that. It helps me honestly, focus better on the stuff that I'm doing, but I'm logging in and checking the email here. Um,

[779:45] Speaker 0: let me tell you, okay, my story of how Okay, so again, I would take this that you wrote right here. Yeah. And this is like this. This is gonna be actually pretty cool. Where's the copy that we came up with already for you? Yeah.

[784:40] Speaker 3: So that was in the well, you'd sent me an email with some extra copy that had worked on previous so I'm

[786:32] Speaker 0: gonna I'm gonna show you guys something that's like, opt in really, really cool. Okay. Watch this. Let's see where it is.

[791:50] Speaker 0: Again, we'll see if I can actually find the copy that I've sent you. Yeah.

[794:22] Speaker 3: Well, because there's a quote on the Facebook page, which so I'm gonna go through that which was sort of talking about what people are going through, you know, was it was

[797:50] Speaker 0: it this copy? Or was it the copy on the Facebook page where

[798:54] Speaker 3: the copy on the Facebook page because I've integrated this copy that you've done Here, I've integrated onto the opt in page already. And also I was I've decided I'm going to change the domain name because I tested out using the name, love yoga dot coach, but I've decided I am going to go with my own name as the domain name. Okay. Yeah, so that's gonna mean changing the domain, but it's just one of those.

[807:11] Speaker 0: This was April. So this was some of the ideas that we had come up with for the for the Scott. Okay, so this is, this is what I love to do with chat CPT, this is going to be really something that and I went over this a little bit the prompt Academy, but I haven't quite shown it the way that I'm going to show you right here. So here is some of this copy right here. I'm going to take these two versions. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna take this, and this is where I'm gonna segment it out, I'm gonna put Facebook ad copy. And I put it inside of brackets like this column. So what that does is it actually tells the AI that this is like what each section is rewritten copy for better ideas. And then I'm going to create a segment that's your original copy and then watch. So I'm going to make sense in like two seconds when I show you when take this go. Original sales copy. Real sales copy. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna put, please save this information, but do nothing with it until I instruct you. Do you understand? And watch it says, understood, I will store the information and will not take action until you get further instructions. Cool. It's pretty cool. Because so now it's, it's saving this in its memory. Yeah. And now I'm gonna give it another command based off of what you just emailed me. Yeah. Well, I'm gonna take this text with your story. Yeah. And I'm going to say rewrite all of the above. sales copy ideas, but keep their original context in mind. But combine with them the following story. To connect deeper with the emotional pain points, buying triggers, and reason someone would register or purchase this online class, no. Story. Revise sales copy, unleash your inner peace with love yoga. As your body crowd for relief weighed down by aches and pains and fatigue, seem to be worsening with time. Do you sense the precious moments of your life slipping away while grappling with these relentless discomforts? I've been there at the brink of my 50s I realized the nurturing of my body now demands a mindful attention that I overlooked in my youth. It wasn't always that way. And at the tender age of 25, I was spiraling down a path of burnout, overworked emotionally spent juggling my studies and then I discovered scaravelli inspired yoga. And it was then when I finally that I had finally come home, I want you to experience this transformative journey with me, as I share the extraordinary power of scaravelli inspired yoga in my 3d virtual event. To transcend your limitations and regain control of your body and mind. It's time to end your silent suffering and embark on a path towards rejuvenation, mindfulness and inner peace. So do you see how it taught? You wrote and it was able to combine it into that in a very condensed way? So there's an exercise in a practice that I do often with writing sales copy, where I will turn on the voice the voice recorder on my phone, or I have this plug and it just allows me to use a microphone in chat GBT. And I will just, I'll just talk for like 510 minutes and it'll just be like, a ton of texts. Yeah. Okay. I'll just be a ton of text right there. And then what I'll do is I'll tell Chad's UBT. Okay, can you analyze what I just shared with you and pull out? Whether it be for sales copy, can you pull out the pain points? Can you pull out this, and you combine that with my sales copy that I already wrote. And it will actually rewrite it in a way that fits more into what I was what I was sharing. So what this says is, we've taken the sales copy that we reworked and we rewrote with. And now we've added a deeper human element to it about easing your pain, finding balance and managing stress. Yeah, that's directly connected to your own stories. Now, here's some more sales copy from the ideas that we rewrote. See what it's doing is it's rewriting all of the stuff I sent you. That's incredible, really cool ideas.

[893:28] Speaker 3: Yeah. So it's basically incorporated all of it.

[894:57] Speaker 0: So the one prompts in the and the recording to this, as well, so that you can always go through this in the members area over by logging in into members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, and go into the monthly trainings archive, I also covered a lot of the different ways I use chat CPT, like the more advanced stuff in it was a whole course right here. But this is one of them under under, or that was No, it wasn't that that's what it said back to me. It was I mean, I'm trying to copy these down for you. So the first one was, please save this information, do nothing with it, till I instruct you. So that's pretty cool if you don't want it to generate anything, but she doesn't want it to store the info. And then this one was rewrite all the above copy ideas, but keep their original context in mind. Combine them with the following story to connect deeper with the emotional pain points buying triggers a reason somebody would register, and I just came up with that one on the fly. I'm gonna probably add that to him. I'm gonna actually add it right now to my chat GPT prompts document. Do you guys want to see some a little bit under the hood? How I came up with that document? title for the credit title for the following prompt. Revitalizing sales copy integrating emotional triggers and buyers motivation? Yeah, I don't like that one. But sometimes I'll do that.

[917:24] Speaker 3: Yeah, wish to send me that copy that we've just done.

[918:26] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Stop generating it. So you can always press Continue. If it stops generating something because it reaches its limit? Yeah, let's continue. And it'll do that I think has about a 4000 character look back. That is why I, I use the GPT four API for a lot of the stuff. Because there's an 8000 character look back. What that means is it can it can hold and store more data. That's what you got to actually request access to the API, and then they charge you for how many actually prompts that you use. So for me, I use this one often it's this version, where I have system over here, I have user chat, I'm able to adjust these. But I'm going to show you how much this is costing me. Under under pricing, this is now I do a lot with it. But under pricing if we go into usage so far in May, I've already racked up a $38 bill, just using the API right there. And last month, I racked up $175 bill. So be cautious if you're using the API Playground, it is more powerful than chat. GPT has a lot more control over its outputs. But it's also a lot more expensive. The GBT is a great value at $20 a month, I think for what you get with it, even with some of its limitations. But yes, I will send you that that copies for you to have.

[944:08] Speaker 3: Great Yeah, so Yeah, cuz over the next few days, I'm going to be working on it all and putting it all together. So I'm just working with some new I've had a whole day of talking to really nice people from the Philippines. Because I just signed up with the online jobs pH there.

[949:03] Speaker 0: There's incredible people over there. Oh, yeah, super talented. There, in my opinion, more talented. way nicer and easier to work with and people here in the States, in my opinion.

[953:21] Speaker 3: Well, they just seem to be set up for every

[954:00] Speaker 0: role but like I have my admin gal, she lives in North Carolina. So she's here in the States and then I have a couple people we work with but yeah, the people that we have in the Philippines there. I just I don't see any any reason not to utilize that as a resource.

[958:40] Speaker 3: It's really difficult to sort of choose because they're all so lovely. And I mean not Obviously, they've all got different skills, you know, and you find out how skillful they are in different things as you go along, you know. But yeah, and I just got one chap, he's going to be writing articles on different Amazon products related to yoga. So I'm going to be an affiliate as part and have a shop on it, you know? So yeah, so it's all good fun. But I think that that agency seems to be really good.

[967:27] Speaker 0: Yeah, they're good. That's why they're the only one that I would recommend.

[968:27] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah. I just thought it's definitely so far been worth spending the money to join rather than using fiber fiber.

[970:33] Speaker 0: Yes. Yeah, curate the higher quality people of what she's talking about as the online jobs.ph. website. It's a it's a is a membership to actually join for a month. But you don't really you only need to join for a month and you can get access to people. And so they curate really great workers that can help you build out your landing pages and all that. struggle with that. So yeah. All right. All right. Yeah, I noticed. I noticed. Cindy, you had your hand raised a little bit earlier. Did you want to go over some of your some of your stuff? Was there anything that we wanted to go over? Or if anybody else had any other?

[981:31] Speaker 1: Why I raised it, so it must have been answered? Oh, no worries. Awesome.

[983:27] Speaker 2: Copy generated for me as well. It'd be great. If you could just copy and paste out everything.

[984:40] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll do that. Awesome. Um, yes, I will send that over to you. Is there anybody else who has landing pages or copy to review? Again? And, Cindy, one thing I was thinking, since you're on here, is do you have a landing page yet for people to sign up? No.

[990:46] Speaker 1: I, I woke up this morning and said, That's my before I go to sleep goal.

[992:34] Speaker 0: I have to take a week or two to do it. It's okay.

[993:19] Speaker 1: No, no, no, I need it.

[994:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, it's funny, my wife was a big one who I told her, I would always tell her, I'd say okay, I want to make 50 grand by next month. And she's like, What have you like, make five, you know, and then and then we make 10? And then I'm like, You know what? Because I kept, I would I would get disappointed when I didn't hit those goals and all that. So

[998:56] Speaker 1: well, my goal, I had accumulated a lot of text from chat ideas. And I was starting to hone it down. And I said, Well, I don't even have the money to run the ads. If I wanted to right now. And I got a class action suit, check in the mail for 1000 bucks. Oh, there you go. I didn't even know it was coming. I mean, I knew it was coming. But I thought it was like 100 bucks. So I wasn't. And so I'm like, Okay, go get off your ass and get your copy written.

[1008:41] Speaker 0: And that's something to you know, when it comes to like the the money to run ads, listen, and stuff like that happens. checks in the mail are a real thing. I have had that happen when you when you're in alignment, I really feel with like what you're called to do things like that start to happen. But as well, there's things that we can do. Like, for instance, I always would look at okay, what are some subscriptions I could, I could cancel, what are some what's maybe something that I always am buying or paying for that maybe I could allocate towards ads this month, things like that. So those are always just things that we could take a look at, too. I know money is tight for everybody right now in this in this economy. You also could look at for running ads. If you have any, any space open on any credit cards, or you could get some another credit card open. That's when I guess because then you're able to pay it off with the sales that come in. So that's generally we always use a credit card for our ads, because, you know, we usually need to float those funds a little bit to be able to bring in the sales and then pay it off. So

[1028:46] Speaker 1: especially if you can get one with a cashback or travel benefits or something. Yeah,

[1030:08] Speaker 0: I mean, that adds up. I know somebody who I know I knew a guy. I haven't talked to him in a while. He had a $5 million month ad budget. And he lived off of I think he was getting at the time he was getting 2% Back off of that. So he was

[1036:10] Speaker 2: I have a friend of same she has an American Express she says every time I spend money on ads, it's a pre free flight to America. So

[1037:55] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah. So it's a it's it's incredible being able to kind of even utilize that for that as well. So Um, all right. I did like, did you What did you think I know you had said some of the copy that I had sent you. You're like that just was nauseating to you and your audience.

[1043:12] Speaker 1: Yeah. But then what I realized the one thing I was trying to get to is, I think it would behoove me to use language that doesn't nauseate me and some that does and see who I don't really care who pays me? Yeah, it doesn't nauseate them. But ad copy?

[1049:10] Speaker 0: Yeah, no, that's a great perspective to have 100%. You know, I know some people, that's their limiting belief, they literally won't attract somebody that they don't like, whatever. And it's stopping them from reaching their goal. Anyways, your I just want to say just, that's a great mindset to have. So you're doing

[1054:16] Speaker 1: I spent a lot of money developing that mindset.

[1056:03] Speaker 0: And now you can share it with others.

[1056:37] Speaker 1: Yeah. And but even while we were talking here, I was looking for it. I hope I haven't lost it. But oh, I know where it's at. I came up with a new, you know, 80 character, tag line thing. I'll paste it here. So you can share it with others. But knowing you are awakening to your best life, because you are in control is alchemy. Because I'm in love with the alchemize your best. Yeah, but a lot of people go alchemize

[1066:02] Speaker 0: No, I think for your audience, it makes sense. I think they get it. I think what you're looking for they get it.

[1067:30] Speaker 1: Well, I want somebody with a little bit exposure to woowoo when they're not nauseated by it. There you go. Great. Yeah. But I'm not like a woowoo guru. If all everybody wants to know more about crystals, I'm happy to bring in one of my crystal friends. Yeah. Talk to them. Like the Rolodex. Yeah, don't know what if you don't know what a Rolodex is? You are not my client? Yeah, you know,

[1075:56] Speaker 0: I just got a word to practical alchemy.

[1076:50] Speaker 1: That's, yeah, that's good.

[1077:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the idea of like, what's practical versus just what is. And we used to talk about that all the time. It's very interesting how all of these translate, when we were doing with Rick Pitino, he would always talk about there was the heart of worship and the art, and the practical aspects of having an excellent sound in your song. But then the spiritual aspect of being connected with God and writing that way. And so he would bring in the practical and the spiritual and merge the two together. Well, and I have said, resonated really well with the people that he was working with.

[1087:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, and I'm thinking along the lines of law of attraction, that's, that's one of my specialty. But when the secret came out, everyone's like, Oh, just think it never will happen? Well, no. But the more you just like that check story, the more you think, Okay, I have a problem. Right? Let me think positive about it and let it go. Mm hmm. The chances of it coming increase. I have a story.

[1096:02] Speaker 0: I have a story that's developing right now, just like that, that I'm not quite ready to share yet until I have it documented. But it has to do with us buying a house here in Texas. Something very, something very interesting shifted yesterday with our mortgage lender. He started his own office. And he was like, yeah, so everything just got a whole lot easier for you. As a business owner, it's actually very difficult to buy a house. And so but he's like, you know, now that he has his own office, and he called me he's like, yeah, he's, he's like, No, he's like, everything was pretty easy before, but now it just got 100 times easier. And he's like, so go shopping. So that's exciting. So now, you know, I'm not gonna like say, Hey, we got the house, but I'm declaring we got the house and we're, we're now shopping at least for the house that we want to move into. We want to move out of this place. Our lease is up in November. So we'll, hopefully September will be in a new place. That's coming up quick.

[1111:43] Speaker 1: What town are you in? Again?

[1112:15] Speaker 0: We are in Austin, Texas.

[1112:48] Speaker 1: Okay, so if I can convince my husband, I'll put a bid on your old house.

[1114:11] Speaker 0: But no, this is a this is a rental we're in right now. Yeah.

[1115:22] Speaker 1: Okay. So it's fun and yeah, I hope to renew awesome No, with funds I earn from your coaching. So

[1118:06] Speaker 0: yeah, this is I love this group because it's just it's a it's it's a great environment. Meant to and each month you're going to be

[1121:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting more and more clear on everything and dialing things in. And as you said, you got to you got to make money, you got to bring in funds. That's that's what the purpose of this group is, is to get you making money and bring in funds. And at the same, by the same token, you don't want anybody to feel embarrassed or like they're not doing good enough or beat themselves up because they're moving slower or anything like that. That's, that's life. We there is that is life. But every day, we have a choice. Okay. Am I going to get back on the horse? Am I going to keep moving forward? Am I going to allow what's happened to dictate? Or am I going to keep making progress and and have a growth minded mindset? I promise you this every single person that I meet, especially that's in this program,

[1134:31] Speaker 0: they're in a better place today than they were when I met them six months ago. And I think that that's that's an incredible testament to what happens in a community like this. So

[1137:26] Speaker 1: well. Will you take a compliment?

[1138:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, sure. Appreciate you ask you that. It's funny. Yeah, I can tell you know, my personality that I actually don't like, compliments that much.

[1140:49] Speaker 1: Well, I think that's the one of the kindred spirits from having watched you since January. And finally,

[1143:12] Speaker 0: yeah, I'm trying to take them much more. Yeah.

[1144:35] Speaker 1: I finally paid down. Well, this isn't the compliment. But how I, why I jumped in is I finally pay down a credit card that I always intended to use for just business, enough to cover two months. Awesome. And then we'll go from there kind of thing. And everything has accelerated since I took the leap. Yeah, compliment is. I appreciate the your group. Every time I log on, I'm like, almost overwhelmed. Oh, God, should I start here? Start there, start here. But what I liked about your coaching on these calls, is that there is like no judgement, when somebody asks a question that, you know, is answered in your group. Oh, yeah, the question and say, for more go to this one. Yeah. So instead of paying, oh, my god, you guys, you're only paying $200 a month. And that gave me all this shit, and you're not even using it?

[1161:47] Speaker 0: Well, that attitude is gonna help helping point. So that you know, it's funny as I used to have the other attitude. And I just realized, like, I wanted to have more empathy, be more kinder, more gentler. Now, at the same time, I don't want to hold back, what I found is, the less I've stopped holding back from speaking the truth, the more bolder I've gotten, but I've also gotten a lot more empathetic to everybody's sort of position. So it's kind of like, okay, I thought, speaking truth would make me come across as an asshole. It's actually makes me come across a lot. Kinder, I think which is authentic to Yeah, and having a baby is soften me a lot.

[1172:57] Speaker 1: Probably. I am 63. And it took me probably till 61 and a half to acquire that. So you're ahead of the game? Yeah, that's and I had no children to speed the process. You

[1176:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: know? And my, my thought is this, I always I always want to just reiterate, this is there is a lot of content in the members area, you don't have to absorb all of it. Focus on what's the area that you're building that you're focusing on, and all of that. Now, I've thought about, should I just remove all the courses and get rid of it and remove all of that and just have like one course? No, that's not a benefit to people either. And so that's why I try to when we're on the live calls, just bring the focus back to kind of what the group is working on and what the individual is dealing with and that type of stuff. And then that's why the best way to actually utilize the Facebook group is to get your unique questions answered. I say, the group itself while it is a great community, and we can all encourage each other. Be really selfish with it. Be really selfish with getting your questions answered. Elizabeth wells does that probably the best of anybody that I've seen, she's literally just a question each day. She's like, Okay, I got this one to deal with. But she's starting to make her progress by doing that. So be selfish with asking your questions. I, I, there's no judgment. There's no silly questions. There's no Oh, that's too rudimentary. If it's going to help you move one step forward. It's a perfect question. And so then that's what that's what this program is for. There's no

[1197:32] Speaker 0: There's no reason to be stuck to stay stuck. I need to find a better way of saying that I should ask Chester Beatty to do that. But there's no reason for anybody who kind of is in our ecosystem to stay They stuck. And I truly love seeing the progress in people. It's like, it's my favorite thing. So, well,

[1203:36] Speaker 1: next week, I'm going to a live event at the wrap up of a year long entrepreneurial school for coaches, you change the mindset from employee to entrepreneur. And oh, the things we were aiming for was to all have a lead page out there and, you know, a landing page and stuff like that. So I should have more for you next week. So we'll need before I take off for that,

[1210:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll tell you it is that and I have a lot of empathy for it. It is I think the hardest thing to get up is a good offer a good landing page. But then once you have it, is to then promote it with advertising and to see how it converts. Now, if you're just shooting in the dark, because you've taken a course or that and you don't have that's why I think this program is different, is you're able to then get the feedback from me and the community is okay, let's tweak this offer just a little bit. Let's do that. Because then you're not really shooting in the dark, you're still you're testing, you're experimenting, but you have the group as sort of like a like a think tank to help you. You're not the only brain on your offer. And that helps everybody I think, which is awesome. So

[1223:24] Speaker 1: and the other the other class that I just wrapped up, I haven't absorbed all of it yet, but it really was a mindset course it wasn't get into the weeds here. Only Yeah, out of 52 weeks, maybe three, four and into the weeds didn't really what I was looking for was you when I signed up for that. But I hadn't found you yet, but I did.

[1229:21] Speaker 0: There you go. Awesome. Okay. All right. You Yeah, no, this has been great today. It's been great. The feedback that we've gotten here, I'm just starting to see more and more and more of like, ways to help this group reach their goals. The questions that we got off of this, this, this week's five day event that I'm doing the q&a is really cool. It's very much geared around landing page. What's funny is everybody needs help with their landing page. But people don't actually want to opt into an offer around their landing page.

[1240:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's very rare. I had the hardest time getting qualified leads. I ran around getting their landing page built. Everybody wants to know, how do we get sales? How do we get more clients? How do we attract the right clients through ads, it all hinges on getting your landing page to add the right messaging on it. And that's that's really like, all roads sort of lead back to the messaging on your landing pages. The big is the big solution overall. So All right. Thanks, everybody for being on here. Again, we will be

[1250:56] Speaker 0: meeting on Monday, as well. And if you want to join us on any of the q&a that we've been having, this week, you can go watch them, they're in the members area, you can go watch them under the private event vault, you can join the zoom q&a that we're doing, I think it's at 3pm. Today, the link is in the Facebook group. One thing I will say sometimes email developer deliverability is low. And so always check whatever is kind of pinned to the top of the Facebook group. And you'll find whatever is the next thing that's coming up. So we have our live q&a on Monday this week. And then I'm really excited.

[1262:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Two weeks from now, is it two weeks from now? Or is it three weeks from now something like that. At the end of May we have the offer Launchpad event. So that's Friday and Saturday, it's an all day thing. We have people that will come in maybe for even produce two hours. So what it is, is essentially we take what we do on this call right here. And we work with you for two whole days through that from providing teaching and sharing and we're able to look at your offer your landing page, your copy your funnel, and we spend two days from morning to night.

[1270:53] Speaker 0: Just working with everybody who's in the group. It's a it's a live zoom mastermind. So that's, that's on May 26 and 27th. Friday and Saturday. I think I got those dates right. May 26 and 27th from 11am. Eastern to 5pm Eastern both days so those have been pretty powerful. The last two we've done of those and the recordings obviously go into the area but what's it's it's just really fun because it's like it's like a it's an immersive we get to spend a lot of time really diving deeper into into a lot of these different offers and things like that. All right, everybody, I'm gonna log off here up, John just shared a,

[1282:46] Speaker 2: I was just I was just looking at my diary. And I was supposed to be starting my walking retreat that Saturday, but I haven't promoted it at all. But I just thought, Oh, I've got a landing page for that. Just out of fun, it's not really any, any requirements for any responses or anything. So.

[1287:29] Speaker 0: Okay. Do you have a lot of people who join you on this?

[1288:13] Speaker 2: No, nobody, I haven't promoted it at all. So I set it up for in at the end of 2019, to start in 2020. And, obviously, the pandemic happens. So it's like, Oh, gotcha, let's write that off. And let's not bother. And so it's been on hold. Yeah. And

[1292:08] Speaker 0: you know, what we're noticing happening now more and more, like with retreats is it's usually

[1293:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: post pandemic, it's usually people that are there in your ecosystem at like a lower tier are usually going to be the ones that want to join, like on a retreat more. So unless you're like,

[1297:25] Speaker 0: a household name guru, like a Tony Robbins, or a dean grazioso, or something like that. So

[1298:48] Speaker 2: the Tony's coming here next month, I think,

[1299:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: the I mean, they're really valuable to have in person stuff. I've just, we found that in person becomes harder to market to a cold audience than it was pre pandemic. And so what I love is get people really just connected with you online, in an online atmosphere, and then move it offline to where they meet you in person at your level. So

[1305:54] Speaker 2: just a little bit of background about me then, because I started, I launched an event in 2014. I had a fair few people turn up to me, but then I really struggled in 2015, to do events, and I was targeting people with struggling with depression and social anxiety. And my mindset was like, Oh, this is a bit of a problem, isn't it? Getting anxiety into a room? Yeah, I gave up. And then I thought, well,

[1311:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that becomes a great a great stages. Let's, that's a great lead in though is what I'm saying for like a higher level is once they get sort of past that. And let's put this into practice, let's all get together, it might be the scariest thing you do. But let's all get together to walk out our healing and our breakthrough.

[1316:01] Speaker 2: So back then in 2015, I was thinking to myself, well, maybe I should do this online, and then get people to graduate to an event. And I was like, oh, man, how's that gonna work? And people aren't used to, because zoom and stuff was like an array

[1319:12] Speaker 0: that all shifted in 2020? Well,

[1320:51] Speaker 2: yeah. And then I walked the Camino in 2016. And I thought, hey, this would be kind of fun to have people come and join me for a week out here.

[1322:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love I love an in person event as much as the next person, they're great. But there, they have become harder to get people to show up for than they were pre pandemic, as far as like, the level of sort of trust for people to kind of come into the room with you. Our whole culture has shifted in a huge way. And unfortunately, I think some of that is by design by some of the powers that be a little bit to disconnect us as well. So but a

[1330:24] Speaker 2: different whole different story. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, this is this is something I want to do every year myself on my own anyway. Even if I don't have anybody else coming along with me.

[1332:33] Speaker 0: Yeah, no, that's, that's a great idea. That's really cool. So anyway, I was going to be walking. Are you walking towards the ocean?

[1335:38] Speaker 2: Yes. Awesome. So yeah, I thought that page needs updating because I've taken photographs. I've been back there since I first wrote that page, and taking photographs of like, the places along the walk, and like whether there's a beach at the end, where you kind of walk in the sea. Yeah. Everything is kind of a cool, cool moment stuff. So

[1339:56] Speaker 0: I'd love to I'd love to visit Spain, my wife's, my wife's family heritage is from the Leone region. Okay, and so on the Spanish.

[1344:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then she has Native American roots, and so kind of combined, but a whole, like, half of the family was just from Spain. So my son shares some of that heritage tip, which is cool. So all right, I'm gonna log off here looks like it's just doing out here.

[1348:59] Speaker 2: Now. Is that two day thing in a part of our program, or is that something? Okay, yeah, it's

[1350:14] Speaker 0: part of this. Yeah, totally.

[1350:47] Speaker 2: I'm gonna have to commit to the year. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah, make some money by next week. All right. Bye.

