LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-06-08T18:38:04.000Z
Duration: 121 min
Otter ID: spp_7n3RbVldjrsu051ATtWvsZs
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: I think

[12:02] Speaker 0: All right, welcome

[13:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome to the copywriting review copywriting rewrite call here today are going live in the, in the Facebook group. We'll wait for a few few more people to get on here just at the beginning of this training, especially this if somebody watches the video, and I would hope that people do watch the recordings of this. But obviously, if they're not watching this or don't hear the recording, they'll never hear this part of it. You know, there's something that I that is a trend. When it comes to copywriting when it comes to coaching that I noticed

[25:45] Speaker 1: is the sunken cost fallacy is a big one, to where if you invest so much time, so much energy into making an idea work, and it doesn't work. And you want to bring change to a certain industry and you feel called to a certain industry, you feel called to a certain segment of the market. And well, you're not you're not a multibillionaire, but you have a dream and a vision to make change in this market. But you've been trying and trying and trying and trying to get people to respond and nobody's showing up to your trainings, nobody's doing that. At some point, something is going to have to change, or you're just going to keep struggling to fail, you're just going to keep failing. And this is where I ran into this more with people in ministry. But I noticed that happens in coaching as well is it's like,

[40:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: people know that they can make something happen as an idea with their coaching, and they want to have an impact on a segment of a market. But that market is just simply not responding to them the way that they want to. And so it's this belief that will, I can eventually make that market respond, because so and so has done so. Okay, great. So if you're going to follow that path, then you need to do exactly what so and so, in that market has done to be successful, like you need to follow what they do as a template. And most of the time, the reason people won't do that is because they've actually judged what other people have done in the market. They look at other people that are in their industry, they don't agree with how other people do things or how they connect with people. And so because they're trying to create change in the market, they they lead with what the market doesn't respond to out of an idea that I'll eventually make this work. And at some point, you're just you're gonna have to either pivot in the direction of what you judge that other person did, or pivot the direction of what you're actually marketing and selling. And so when we write copy, I say this because in this copywriting rewrite call, and we're gonna get to going through the copywriting rewrites here. What we can run into is, is that somebody can bring me say, Okay, this is my coaching that I'm doing Jeremiah, can you give me the best advice on copy, and what I will do is I'll give the best advice on the copy for that market. Now, that doesn't mean that that copy is actually going to convert, if the marketplace doesn't actually want it. And there's no like little spinner that I can press that's going to tell me okay, this is gonna work or not, without actually testing it and putting it out there. Okay. So when we test copy that maybe we rewrite, we put it out there, nobody responds, okay, now, the marketplace has told us what they are willing to respond to what they actually don't want or what they do want. And so at that point, we have to make a decision to instead of operating out of the sunken cost fallacy of well, I've put in so much time, so much effort, I feel called to this, I've done this for so long. I know I can make this work and you're gonna have to eventually pivot in a direction of what's actually profitable. If you want to make a profit in your business and this is one of the just the biggest areas that I I find it is the most confusing for people is is that like just because copy is really good doesn't mean that anybody owes you their attention. Just because the offer might help somebody doesn't mean that the market in general is going to now be profitable in that the way that that copy is written. So you might need to either rewrite your copy from a different angle, a different perspective, a way that actually connects the way that the market connects. Or you may have to pivot, what you're actually marketing so but what I see is that sometimes I had, I'm gonna give you an example of this, I had a lady who was a coach and was a mentor that I had coached for a while. And I eventually told her, I said, if you want to succeed in this niche, you have to pretty much do exactly what Tony Robbins has done. And her immediate response was, I hate Tony Robbins, and I will never do anything even remotely close to what he does. In fact, I'm I want to defeat him as my nemesis and be better than him. And so she was so attached to defeating the image of Tony Robbins style coaching, that she was fighting an uphill battle against a market that wouldn't respond to how she was marketing, because her passion was to destroy the image of Tony Robbins. And so because of that, her judgment towards Tony Robbins actually kept her from from moving into a market that maybe would be more profitable for her. I think that if that's the case, if she doesn't want to be like Tony Robbins, then she needs to move to a different market. And she needs to pivot in a direction that people are more responsive to her in. Or she needs to pivot in the direction of being more like the very thing that She despises. And so those are the two, the two sort of ranges that I see with people is is that when they go to market and offer

[112:23] Speaker 0: is that

[113:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: the worst thing that you can do is get stuck on, I know I can make this work because I've spent so much time trying to make this work. And instead, removing all attachment, all requirements of I need to make this vision happen, requiring your vision to be manifested exactly how you saw it. And realizing that it's like, it's okay, if you have to pivot or adjust your sales copy that things, things maybe didn't go the way that you thought it would, maybe we need to say something in a way that doesn't sound the way that you naturally would say it to other people, but is a way that the marketplace responds. And so what I what I see happen is, is that sometimes there's, there's decisions and choices that coaches and business owners can make, that will make them more profitable, and they are explicitly choosing to not do so because of attachments to beliefs about they're willing and capable of doing. And it's an it's an it's a self limiting box that they put themselves into. And if they just went outside of that box, they would actually make more money, but they're so committed to their tiny box that they will continue to starve and struggle, because they have faith that one day that little box will produce something. And so as business like that's not a way to run a business, that's a way to go insane. And so I would I would say as we go into our copywriting call as we do the copywriting rewrite, the reason why I'm talking about this now on this call, and I brought this just in the beginning here is because it's so important to how you write your copy. I've worked with a lot of people who they have a great message and a great idea, but they refuse to frame their messaging in the way that people actually respond to. And then wonder why did it not produce sales for me? Why did not produce a result? And here's the thing, I'm not like, gonna, I'm not gonna fight, fight you on this, I'm not gonna fight you. And I'm not going to get into fights with people in our coaching program of why, you know, I don't think this is going to work. And then we go back and forth and we start debating why it's going to work. If you have a decision and a choice that, hey, I don't want to go in that direction. Great. I'm gonna honor that and let you go in the direction that I know is not going to produce a profit for you. Because you've made the decision that you don't want to go in the direction that's going to produce a profit. Now I will point out and tell you, Hey, I think that this direction is going to be more profitable. And that's where I can give you guidance as a coach but if you fight tooth and nail and say, Nope, not going that direction. And this is what has happens a lot in copywriting is, is that I, I've had numerous clients that will I know which way to go with their copy that's going to be profitable, but they are fighting for what they believe it should be. And then it fails, and then they come back. And they wonder why did it fail? Why did it not work out? Well, because the market doesn't connect with how you're actually communicating that with people. And so just accept that fact and pivot in a direction that they actually connect with you in, and then that will start to produce more results in a profit for you. So I know we have it looks like we only have just a couple of people on here. Dana, I know you posted your sales letter. And I believe we sent an email out with the link to this. We've been telling everybody each week that we're doing this live here today. So I I know that we gave at least ample enough time for people to know that we're going to be on here. How are you doing, Dana? And a lot of what I was just sharing was simply for the recording for people that go back and watch the recording.

[180:26] Speaker 2: Yeah, no, that's, that's important and good stuff. I'm doing

[181:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's good stuff. I've also had people cussed me out for what I just said. So like I've had, I've had heated meetings where people got up, cussed me out. And were just like, they're like, like, they were just angry that I said, what I just said, so but it has to be said, it has to be said. So

[188:12] Speaker 2: yeah, I'm, I'm doing well, I had a challenging day Tuesday, but I knew it was in my head. I knew it was going to be temporary. And when your mom talked about the stuff she talked about at the end of Wednesday, it was perfect timing. I was like, she's in my head.

[193:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's the one thing I just see her on this landing page, this big space here. Is there a way to reduce that space?

[194:38] Speaker 2: Okay. And Madeline will help

[195:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: me. Okay, yeah, cuz it looks good here. But on the desktop, it's not as it stands out really? Well, what? So here's the here's you asked for what kind of feedback you're looking for?

[199:20] Speaker 2: Well, you had helped me with some chat GPT stuff. So I use some of that use what I found before. I believe it is likely too wordy, which I tend to be very wordy. Do you think I have a training client? She was here yesterday, she does marketing for Adobe. And I briefly showed it to her and and I went oh, and I see what your feedback is on this too. She said, I like it. And I've seen this model work a lot. But what if you reduce the words by 75%? And maybe did like an AV test? That was a no if you think it's too wordy.

[210:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah, cuz here's, here's the thing is, is that I actually did that on one of my recent landing pages, I reduced the words by about 50%. Because it's like, you don't want to repeat yourself. Okay, you don't want like the same thing to be repeated. If there's more words in the sales copy, it needs to contribute. I'm, post the link in here are posted in the group posted in the chat. It has to actually contribute to the person's thought process. Oftentimes, when writing or describing something or in traditional corporate or in, like, traditional marketing, we repeat things over and over again, in sales copy in a sales letter like this, is if there's a line of copy, it needs to actually contribute to something that you haven't already said already. Okay, does that make sense? So what we're looking at here is yeah, this is definitely a lot more work. I mean, I mean, it can work again, I would split test it. Have you tried it out to see what kind of response you get from people?

[229:40] Speaker 2: Not at all I just to get in order to kick my own butt. I was like, okay, you know what, I need to get something on here and get Jeremiah's feedback on Thursday. And I had time yesterday. So, so no, I haven't done any testing and it's and it's not even done like I haven't changed the the three days to this. This.

[235:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Read this as a sentence that doesn't that doesn't read well.

[237:09] Speaker 2: Yes, I see what you're saying.

[237:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so it has to like fit below. As a as a writ as the written word. This program is right for You if and then it doesn't flow that way. So,

[241:43] Speaker 2: you know, okay, this I didn't do your pointing out. I'm looking at it on my laptop. And so I'm looking at it, this program is right for you if and then going to the yellow checkmarks

[245:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: which that 80% of people will see it on mobile.

[246:01] Speaker 2: You're right. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. Okay.

[247:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this, so So that's the, that's another issue is that? I would, I would, I would never recommend you do two columns for any sales letter ever. Okay. So I would not go to columns unless you have an image on one side and then text on the other. I do agree, though, that it is a bit on the wordy side, if we can shrink some of the text down a little bit. Sometimes people don't have enough words. I think you got too many here. I think that that's, that's an issue. So like, here's just a great thing that you can do is I would open this up in the chat GPT right here and say reduce the words of the following. The keep the context by 60%. Design designed for women blend self defense learning dance breathwork and holistic everyone. This is for everyone. Oh, yeah, everyone has the right to defend themselves in their family, we teach the skill experience. So that's that right there. reads a lot easier than this right here. It's about half as many words

[268:46] Speaker 2: I can't talk.

[269:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So is there is there a reason why we can't do this?

[270:37] Speaker 2: i Yes, I need to add that. I don't I didn't add who? Who this is not for? Is that what you're asking?

[273:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, I'm saying shrinking the amount of words that are on here. Can you see it on your screen?

[275:21] Speaker 2: I can see it on. I mean, I see it on your on my phone. And then I have it up on my

[277:24] Speaker 2: have the page up on my laptop. So. So yeah, I screenshotted that and I will I can

[279:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: do it. I have I have a screen that I'm sharing right now on my on my computer screen. Can you see that?

[280:49] Speaker 2: Yes. Sorry. Yes, I can see that. Yes.

[281:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I asked GPT to just reduce the amount of words of that section right here.

[282:57] Speaker 2: Yes. Yeah. Yeah, can see

[284:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: these dots since those don't align that way.

[286:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: This needs to be further down as well on that. You're also repeating yourself right here. So this right here repeats the exact same thing as this right here. It's just saying it in a different way. So I would eliminate this almost completely right here. Okay, because this reads better down here but I would then I would move the this pro this free program is for you. And I would also get specific as to this free Is it a fitness program? Is it a self defense program? Is it what is it?

[298:52] Speaker 2: Fitness and self worth? Because

[299:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: now we're calling it because we also have all these words up here and this is overlapping your

[300:40] Speaker 2: I know that has to be taken away your header up there. So we

[301:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: need to fix that. Yes, these bullet points need to go a lot further down on the page. Have you have you watched through the landing page? blueprint course.

[304:45] Speaker 2: Oh, it's it's been a while?

[305:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that course only came out a month ago.

[306:27] Speaker 2: Why am I mixing it up with something else then? No, I feel like nothing else.

[308:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, because I really I break down these these sections for you in a way that I think is going to make more sense and I think if if Madeleine even went through that it would make sense. You got a lot of this is just it's very much all over the place. Okay. And so my focus isn't really drawn to what you're what you're inviting me to it's a lot more confusing than anything else. It is okay. And then another thing that it's just it's missing is that powerful. This is this is a good headline right here for the title. But it's missing that powerful. Are you dealing with this problem? Are you struggling with this, this is going to help you break past this type of story as well. So what we need to do for that is I was just do the sales letter based on the above that uses the format of

[327:47] Speaker 0: you know, this problem.

[329:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm not taking the time to go to the chat GPT prompt thing, because it's just gonna be quicker for me to type them in. I'm a targeted cookie cutter fitness program CS. So like, I would cut this whole part out here, because this is redundant. I tried a cookie cutter fitness programs that meet your unique needs, I understand. See, it's not even really pulling a lot of this very well. I can I can tell though, that you definitely need to go through the landing page blueprint course. Okay. Because the way that the landing page is laid out, and the way that the copy is in the page, is not necessarily connecting in a way that's effective. Okay. So we've, we've taught this a few times. And I'll break it down for you here, just real briefly, is, let me go. I'm gonna have it just do some analysis on this. So if I take this page right here, for a new offer that I'm doing, I have the header. The other problem is is your page is trying to be it's trying too hard to be to be too pretty and to be too much. And it's just it's, it's missing the mark. Okay, so we have a header with a title, a headline about what people want. And then we have copy right here in this section with a stock photo about what the client's desire is and what the offer is that they're going to receive. Right here. So so none of this is on your landing page right now. Not none of this section is on your landing page.

[360:04] Speaker 2: None of my words are saying that correct?

[360:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, it's that's not what it is. None of your words are connecting emotionally in a way that's effective. That was very different. All of your words are saying that that's that's where the problem is here. All of your words are saying the same thing. And but they're not saying them in the right fashion that actually connects with the way that real human beings respond to offers online. And so that's often times one of the biggest misses when it comes to writing copy is, and this is a great point right here. Your copy has quote unquote, all the right stuff. It's just completely wrong in the wrong order. And so that can be frustrating that, oh, it's all the right stuff. Well, yes, it's all the right stuff. And it's completely wrong at the same time. And so that's where the landing page blueprint course can help understand this, let's just break down the sentences right here. And I'll break them down on two different sales letters. We have a headline that talks about the result that somebody's going to get. And then addresses the out the objection that they might have. And then we go into what their experiences right here, what their desire, and goal is and experience. But sometimes it can feel like pulling your hair out, I totally get it. I was struggling to get clients. And then you invite them into some kind of an event with you right here. Now the rest of what you have in your page is fine below that section. It's very similar to what we have here. But it's missing in this part, because here's the thing is, this whole page is great. But you want to know what most people who visit the page can you see they're never gonna get below this section of the page, then, like all of this below here, they're never going to read it if this part doesn't connect with them. So this is the most important part is this beginning part right here? Does it say all the same thing? Sure it does. But it's not saying in a way that's really going to connect with the person it's speaking very passively and almost above them and past the point Listen, it's not actually making a connection with who you're trying to reach. Okay?

[403:27] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, I definitely need to go through go through the course because it's like I I, I kind of understand, like, I, I get it and I'm like, I guess it's hard because I'm so good at connecting with people in person. So I need to translate that into this page.

[409:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah. How do you connect with somebody in person? What is the main thing that you connect with them around initially?

[412:16] Speaker 2: Gosh, it's even hard to put it into words. They feel they feel my passion for wanting to help them or whatever with, you know, with, you know, help lead guide, whatever. That's that's the thing I get told the most, I guess.

[417:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So I mean, pause here. So I sense a little bit like in your tone of voice that you're on the defense and a little bit on edge here and having trouble with this conversation? What's going on?

[421:09] Speaker 2: It's just hard to, to put the right to put it in the right words, I guess.

[424:21] Speaker 2: I don't know. It's hard to to verbalize like that. Like, I know, I connect with people well, and and how do I exactly do that? They like they can feel my passion that it's hard for me to translate that into a sales page, I guess.

[430:35] Speaker 1: Okay,

[430:56] Speaker 2: but you're right. I mean, I definitely need to go through the course. I don't know why

[432:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: the landing page blueprint course itself specifically is going to break down what each section needs to say and all of that. And let's go take a look at another landing page right here. Okay. Okay. I'm only paying attention to the first section of the pages, we're talking about what somebody's gonna get out of it, what their goal is, what their struggle is. And we give an invitation right here. So we talked about the promised outcome. We talked about what their goals are, but we empathize with the struggle. And then we go into what the invitation to the event is, let's take a look at another page. Okay. We have what the goal is mastering stocks trading, empathizing with this struggle that the person has, what they're going to learn and what they're gonna get out of it. That's missing from here, right here. And it's communicating, and it's communicating in a way, if I can put it as it's, um, the way that these sentences are written, are as if you're trying to write a novel that's going to be graded by the New York Times bestsellers list. It's not written in a way that is actually effective sales copy. Okay. And so, like, it's written in a way that is trying to make you sound and look smart. I say, it's not written in a way that is actually going to connect with people who visit it from the internet. Okay. And so that's why I'm saying it says all the right things, quote, unquote, from that perspective, and it will almost certainly not connect with people from that from that angle. And so that's why we have to look at this, are you tired of feeling vulnerable, constantly on edge about your personal safety? I remember feeling the noise anxiety anytime I walked home at night, every sudden noise my heart would pound. But that's not the only frustration trying to stick to traditional fitness routine doesn't feel right. I want to invite you to this webinar. This isn't your usual self defense class. It's an empowering program that combines dancing breathwork, and literally just pulling from these three sentences right here. Into that copy, that's right here.

[475:13] Speaker 2: Okay. I see how those are.

[476:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so this whole section about who it's for needs to come after that. Okay. So we need to really talk about like, the passion behind warrior flow, self defense breathwork becoming your own Heroin, and actually break down the vision of like, what that actually looks like and why somebody would even want to do that. Right now what we're dealing with here is we're just telling them what they're getting. We're just telling them what what you're going to be teaching them. And so it's really like just, again, I, I would just remove this whole section right here. And you're already going into it in a much better way down here. And that I would push this down and have a section in the middle here that has that copy. About You know, like, what, what is the? What are you really teaching and empowering people with here to? The specifics? Yeah.

[494:31] Speaker 2: Movement, mindset. Moving in a way that's allowing them to learn how to defend themselves, think about you know, strong postures, blah, blah, blah, but also flow have the masculine and feminine energy balance, so they feel strong, but yet they still feel feminine, they feel that strong femininity. No,

[501:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a that's a, that's a lot of fitness word soup going on right there. If that makes sense. That's not really connecting with the person. That's telling me what you do. That's not telling me why anybody would want to do it. So let's, let's like, because you say that you connect with people in person, so I know that you know, the answers to these questions inside of you, or you would not be able to connect with people in person.

[510:28] Speaker 2: Right. Right.

[511:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: But, but it sounds like you're trying to give me the right answer. Okay, instead of more, pulling from what you already know, inside of you.

[513:56] Speaker 2: From from my, from my core. Yeah, I mean, I, I want people my life mission is to help people feel and I know this sounds grandiose to help people live their healthiest, happiest lives, so that they can help this planet and its inhabitants like that when I did the Tony Robbins thing and went seven layers deep to my real why it was that happier, healthier people help will help protect this planet, and the planet and wildlife. That is my real true passion. Okay. They're like your mom, that's cheated. You know, her child trafficking. Mine is wildlife and the planet and only happy healthy people that can think outside of their you know, depression, blah, blah, blah. Those are the people that yeah, parents help, because

[527:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're on this page about stocks trading. Do you see anything about my mom's passion on this page? No, no, there's nothing. It's a it's only about what the person who she's going to reach once. And this, this page generated 36 times our ad spend. So this is probably one of the best performing sales letters that we have is this simple landing page right here? Because it connects with what people want. Okay, so we got to look at you have to what you care about. That's great. I want to know what what are the like, the people that you connect with? What's inside of them? That a lot of them? And why would they want to connect with this training? The fact that of what it is is great, but Don, but Dana, there's like there's 1000 other people that do what you do, you're not special. And I don't mean that to sound harsh at all. But you need to show people why this is special. Yeah. And the language that it reads right now is it reads in a way that invites people to ignore you. Okay. So we have to connect with what the person actually wants that you're trying to reach. What are their desires?

[549:50] Speaker 2: They want to things that people have told me they want to feel like a badass. They want to be out of pain.

[554:09] Speaker 2: They love it when they feel strong in everyday life and they don't have to ask for help with things. Okay, that's something I've been told as far as feedback to.

[559:14] Speaker 2: They also, when they leave In my in person, self defense courses, a lot of them, you know, the general feedback I get is that they feel empowered, they walk out feeling.

[563:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so here's the thing too. I'm going to pause here. And the only reason why I'm really drilling down in this beginning part of the sales copy is listen, if it wasn't as important as it is, I wouldn't be drilling it down that way. It's the single most important part of your sales letter, the rest of your sales letter, you can keep it how it is, and it would be fine if you fix this part of it.

[569:09] Speaker 2: Okay, now, I totally understand and I appreciate this is exactly what I do

[570:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and so but the reason why most people fail is they put sales letters out there that are like this. And they're not actually making a connection with the person that they're trying to reach. They're just telling the person what they're gonna sell them what they're going to give them nobody on the internet through a Facebook ad buys something simply because of what you told them it is in coaching. If you are selling something that was in the E commerce in other industries, yes, they do buy that way. In the coaching, training, mentoring and thought leader industry of you providing information to people people don't buy simply on what you're selling. Because there's 1000 other people out there that are selling what you're selling, even if it's a unique way of saying it even if it's a unique way that you combine things, you still have to make that connection to what the client wants themselves. Okay. And so in this that's why we have to take a look at again, I don't really like a lot of this copy that Chet GPT is making here right now but what I'm what I'm taking a look at as you know, are you tired Do you want to feel stronger out of pain and feel like a badass every single day so like if I put this right here continue this sales copy

[599:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's yeah, that's the kind of energy and confidence and makes you feel unstoppable I totally get it that was not me song go feeling overwhelmed asking for help more than I wanted to and wishing I had the power to handle my own battles. Okay, now that speaks to exactly what you told me your clients already saying. This right here, okay. Now I don't like the rest of what it produced. So let's do this. Continue this sales company. I mean, I've been I totally understand that feeling of not being in control feeling like you less than your potential. And it seems like life is an uphill battle then I would get rid of this line right here. So if I'm writing this as copy for your sales letter, this is how I would I would do it

[618:41] Speaker 1: so this this right here is what's missing from your sales letter. Do you want to feel stronger out of pain and a total badass every single day? Absolutely. That's the kind of energy and confidence that makes you feel unstoppable. That was, that was me and I've gone without feeling overwhelmed by discomfort asking for help more often than I wanted to wishing I had the power to have my own battles. So understand the 920 not being in control, feeling less than your full potential.

[625:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Life seems like an uphill battle and those generic fitness routines were adding to the struggle not using it I long for a solution that would not only make me feel physically robust, but ignite the badass spark in me and I found it so this section right here of text, and I would bold some of the text I can't bold things in chat GBT. But that's what would go right here.

[632:17] Speaker 2: Okay,

[632:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then underneath that says one of your savior body when you leave the house, I'll help you this program is for you. If done it out of that, you removed this whole section right here. And now it flows down from there. And the rest of the page is actually pretty good. Okay, from that point on, um, okay. But But without that segment right there, you probably will have lost almost everybody. Yeah, Okay, and so that applies to every single sales letter. That that people that we write is we want to have that segment where it's like, what are we inviting them into? And then how do we make that connection to their desires and the story that we're telling them?

[645:19] Speaker 2: So crazy, because I've heard you say that over and over. And you know, Tony Robbins said, you know, they all say that, and it's like, damn, I think I'm doing it. And then it's been, it gets blatantly pointed out that No, you aren't doing it.

[649:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, and again, this, what I just showed Dana, every single person sales letter can benefit from applying that type of a lens and filter through that, because I'm always going to look at this, see the way that people read sales letters as they read them from top to bottom. And they make a decision, okay, now, now, oftentimes, I'll read them, they'll read through that top part. And then they might scroll the bottom to see if there's a price or something, or everything else in the middle. Okay. But until we started actually communicating that, and that was the most important part of sales, copy that. And all the offers that we created with my mom throughout the years and everything I went, it was funny. Back in 2014, I used to write sales letters that were very similar to this one right here. And my mom would come in, and she would literally just add in that section right here. And it would convert, and it wasn't converting without that. And it's just like, it's like, seems almost like juvenile ly stupid and simple. And like, why would it have that much of an impact? But it does, it absolutely does.

[666:54] Speaker 2: Okay, that's super duper helpful. And I certainly didn't intentionally mean to get defensive with you, because you're, you're,

[670:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, it's not something to apologize for. It's more, that's more something internally to look at, like, where the where the emotional dysregulation comes from, when we're having this type of a conversation, what's the feelings inside of you that are triggered? It's more of a that was more saying that for your benefit? Because I know you are working on that journey. yourself?

[675:38] Speaker 2: Yes. And it's, it's, it's exactly what you said, it's the, it's the cerebral, you know, need to be smart. And, you know, and all of that, like that, that it's been

[678:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, yeah, and that's, that's one of the biggest ways to for sales copy, to not convert is, is that trying to be smart type of a thing is nobody's buying from you, because you're smart. They buy because of one thing, they they're, they are going to receive an expected outcome by working with you. And by connecting with you. So they expect some kind of an outcome to come out of the commitment that they're going to make with you. That's the only reason that somebody is going to sign up for a training like this. You and that's, that's why in person, like when somebody shows up in person with you already. They've already made the decision that they believe in that outcome. And now they're going to connect with that energy with you. Mm hmm. So it can be deceiving if you've had experience with people in person. Yes. Because your sales letter, you the, the equivalent of meeting in person with you is when they're actually on the live training with you. The sales letter is not the equivalent of meeting a person, the sales letter is the equivalent of inviting them to them to meet you in person. And so And did you have a lot of word of mouth referrals to meet you in person?

[700:26] Speaker 2: Did I, um, a fair amount? Yeah. Yeah, that's fair amount.

[702:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Oh, um, how did you get a lot of your clients in person?

[704:16] Speaker 2: A lot from before when I was at the MMA gym, and that's where I worked at pre pandemic. So you know, meeting people and you know, and then they would work with me. And then for like, the self defense seminars, I actually do get, you know, our private self defense, I do get a fair amount of referrals. Yeah,

[710:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. We got to think about like, that doesn't translate over to the sales letter right here. And we have to that's where and to, to Elizabeth's comment, it's so akin to the heart to have such gifts and I have the marketing words to translate. It's such a different it is a very different way of processing in the brain and a creative connection. It's um, yeah, it is. It's a different way of like, it almost violates Everything that makes us a good coach to write good sales copy. And that's why most coaches are very, they struggle to actually attract clients. Because the words that actually attract the client are almost opposite of the passion that you actually have as a coach. It's very, it's very unique. I was talking to my mom about this yesterday, we had a phone call, I said, I almost have to put myself into a state of mind of this, like, I'm just I'm this badass that nobody can mess with. And everybody just thinks that I'm the greatest person on planet Earth, and have this energy and air as if I'm superior to everybody else, in order to write good sales copy. Now, I refuse to live my life operating out of that energy. Yes. But if I write sales copy from that energy, it converts like crazy. Wow. And my mom was like, Absolutely, she's like, you literally have like a que this like sales copy, like almost mental persona you have to go into that's like, you know, it's not really a fun person to hang out with. But it'll sell it can sell to anybody. And that was one of the I think the biggest areas that have, and I say this, because, you know, my mom, that was there that she had to grow in, because she had trouble turning that off for a while. And she had to really realize through through therapy and going through therapy that like, you know, it doesn't make her weaker in business to actually have the soft side of her over here, when she's coaching and then have the badass side when she's doing like selling and the sales copy.

[744:57] Speaker 2: And that that also speaks to what what I've grown in is that the soft and the badass the masculine, the feminine, but yeah, I operated out of the masculine energy for so long, like, yeah, I pay and, you know, most of the things I do are male dominated I can find and like do and it's like, Okay, remember, I'm a female.

[751:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. But in the but in the sales copy. And here's the thing, what we wrote out here, like, it doesn't sound like super, like, masculine energy, like crazy, like, it's just but it's speaking to like, Hey, do you want this solution? I know you do. Let's get it, let's go after it, I'm gonna make it happen for you. I like It's like that confidence of like, we're gonna make it happen. And I can make this happen and I'm excited to make all of your dreams come true. That's what you want somebody to feel when they read that type of section of sales copy the initial sales copy is okay, this is a this is everything that I've been hoping and praying for to find the solution to. And so that's what that's what this and I think it can be improved a little bit if we iterated through it a little bit. But just for time sake here yeah. That's the shift in the energy at that part. And then after you're like, Hey, listen, I can make all your dreams come true. Then you go into this is how it's gonna happen. And you go into who it's for what it's for how you're going to do it all that so that's the exact same thing like that we've done on this this type of a page right here as you know, I mean this this essentially says without saying like, we're going to make all of your stock market dreams come true and you're always going to make money trading stocks Now obviously, you know, because you're in the program there that that's not even like the reality what the program is. Yeah, but that's the copy that attracts people to it. Is that implied promise a result and outcome and then you invite people into a session with you and that's where they connect with your energy

[779:35] Speaker 1: okay

[780:10] Speaker 2: thank you so much

[781:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see here. I know all Paul said that you have a did you have a sales letter link? I haven't seen it. Oh, you have a Word file I gotcha

[786:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, anybody else have some copy that we want to go over

[787:42] Speaker 0: here I

[789:11] Speaker 3: don't have a copy exactly for I don't know. Are you hearing me by the way? Yeah. I don't have exactly copy. I've been playing with you know marketing copy copy for a webinar. But I'm not ready to do that for a couple of reasons. But I mean, I've done the webinar 100 times in my life but I'm actually working on a newsletter but it's very different it's because my style as a writer actors that all that you know, when I speak about my personal experience, people go all like they come to it. So it's more like Talking, I start talking about a lizard that a friend in prison, but it's all ends up being related to why I write at the end as Why do you write and then says Stay tuned for my webinar that's coming soon. But it's a very it's long to my newsletter list. But when I post this to social media people go nuts. Yeah. But it's a different I guess that it's not a direct sale right now or direct marketing, but it's sort of getting ready for that by feeding things into places and people I don't know if you have any thoughts on that or if I should even put that here or in the in group for you know, someone to see. My hat's off to anybody else that comes up with our copy by the way, I missed somebody. Yeah,

[813:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: we, we want to we want to focus this time on rewriting the copy. If you could post that in the group. I think that that would be helpful for everybody. Okay, great. Yeah. That would be a good a good start to that.

[816:54] Speaker 0: All right.

[818:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anybody else have copy that they want us to look at? I'm gonna go look for right now. Paul says he posted it in the Facebook group.

[824:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't I don't see it in the Facebook group.

[826:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where can I find it in the group in the CGA group. I see it right here this I see. You posted it in the group photo. So what we want to we want to make sure of is that like, I don't get notifications that you posted this in this photo right here. And so that's why it was very difficult to find. I copied it to my computer, we have different posts and stuff in the group. You can either post it as a post in here or we have the live training going on. Or we also have the

[838:49] Speaker 0: the copywriting call information right here. Okay.

[840:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let me take a look at this here. Home Service business owners overwhelmed and stressed out three day training boot camp gives you three secrets to maximize your business. Do you worry about sales?

[847:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is a home service business?

[848:17] Speaker 0: All Can you can you can you? Can you come up and talk about this.

[852:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, can you hear me? Yeah,

[853:01] Speaker 4: sorry, I never use Zoom. I always use the Google meet everything I do. So anything like a plumber, electrician, anybody who goes into someone's home and does work. Okay. So that's one of the issues I have is because there is a pretty big mover in this arena. His name is mellow. And he called he has put out a book that's called the Home Service millionaire. So that is that whole type of career is put in that kind of a bundle but it's really plumbers, electricians, people that work on your roof. People that work on your flooring, but there's no other way that I can see. To bundle it besides call it a home service business.

[866:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I gotcha. Um, well, that's what you can call it as a home service business. But then you want to really like describe what a home service business is and how that actually translates for people.

[870:32] Speaker 0: Okay,

[871:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what you you literally just said it verbally to me. It's plumbers. It's who else isn't?

[873:31] Speaker 4: Electricians, anybody that comes to your home and does work. Okay. So yeah, HVAC people. roofers, people that work on your floor, even home cleaning people.

[877:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: painters, okay. So we really want to like we really want

[879:21] Speaker 4: to probably about 30 people in that in At 30 Different companies in that group. Yeah, we

[880:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't have to go over all 30 of them. You could later on the page. Okay, but you can can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay. So we want to actually like speak to who this is for. Now, the other part of this copy is what are you actually helping them? Do? What is your? What is the outcome or result of working with you?

[887:17] Speaker 4: Okay, so it'll be. So I'll help. Well, there's, there's quite a few things to work on. It's building, what I do is I build their I can build help them build their whole company. So okay, so for somebody who's just starting, but it's not really a good group of people to work with as the people that first starting, it's better to get people that are already doing 500,000 to 2 million a year is the best. What I would think it'd be the sweet spot. Because they have money. They're already going they're not trying to figure out life and everything else. They already have something rolling. And you gotta speak

[897:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: to what? So yeah, so those are two very different groups of people right here. Um, home service business owners. So we want to speak to the ones that are already going. Yeah, I'm already making. And are you are you are or other clients? Do you have already making that in the home service business?

[903:31] Speaker 4: Oh, yeah. I've been in this business for quite a few years.

[904:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Awesome. Yeah.

[905:44] Speaker 4: So I have my own companies I've had, but I've helped them others for hundreds of people. Yeah. But I haven't I'm not doing it right now. So because I'm making it was in the brick and mortar business. So now I'm going into the end of this evolving into doing coaching. Okay.

[911:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's specifically the person who did not beginners, they have a successful business already. But there's, but they feel overwhelmed by they feel overwhelmed by all the all the work, right? Yes, while the by all the work, there's three or three major, I tried to cover the three major, what I've seen is

[919:48] Speaker 4: hurt points or hurting points that people have when they're in a business that size. And that is finding good people struggling with cash flow and money. And their sales are usually the three biggest things I've heard through the years that people have always struggled with at that stage. Okay.

[926:52] Speaker 4: And number one is usually finding good employees. But unfortunately, it's not a real easy solution to that, because there's quite a few, it's pretty deep, how to get good employees.

[931:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, cuz, so this is one of the ones where the sales copy that you have here is, it's not really speaking to the main struggles that I that a $500,000 a year earning home business person would would connect with. And so what we have to do is we have to actually talk about like, like how you mentioned, it's kind of it's really deep when it comes to finding good employees? Well, we have to actually we want to describe like, what, what are what are the main issues with finding good employees that people have? Why are people struggling to get sales in their business? Why are they struggling with cash flow of money, so we have to really talk about those issues, instead of just mentioning them, we have to really talk about those as the main problems a lot more in this, okay. And then, what I see here is we're, as I don't see any real way that's going to connect with them as to pointing to that you're able to actually show them how to solve these problems. So how would we describe that you're able to actually show them all these solve these problems for them? We want to we want to be able to describe that to people as well.

[954:30] Speaker 4: Okay. I tried with the little bit about me, I didn't want to make it too much about me because I know that's seems like a no no, but see, I says Hi, I'm Paul and then I give a little bit about me quick blurb on me. But you're saying drill down into that more

[960:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I would talk more about what you're actually going to do for them, and how you're going to show them how to get more sales, find good employees, and what are the problems that you're actually going to be solving? What is the and then what does their business look like at the end of it? What is the dream business that they have in mind? Okay. All right. So that's what that's what else is also missing from a lot of this right here is that dream? Like if somebody does find good employees, they go through your training? And they they learn all the stuff? And they are you providing coaching to them? What are we what are we? And then what are we inviting people to with this copy? Are you inviting them to, as you said, a three day training bootcamp? Yeah. What is the outcome of that bootcamp? Why should somebody spend time with you to join that boot camp? Why would they care to listen to you?

[977:30] Speaker 4: Okay. So I have like, three bullet points so far. I just went through your training yesterday, a couple days ago. So I've been trying to get to it, you know? Yeah, trying to work on it. And like, I'm focusing on this full time now. So I want to get this rolling. I'm very motivated to get it rolling. So.

[984:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, the first stage is we want to get leads and people that you can close as sales do a presentation with them. So are you a home cert like this? Is this is some copy kind of like that? Are you a home service business owner juggling numerous balls, tired of feeling constantly overwhelmed and stressed out can't find enough hours to handle your business and personal life?

[990:01] Speaker 1: Always struggling with cash flow and funny employees? I get it. Yeah. I have the battle scars, the gray hair, the wrinkles that show 30 years in the trenches in your shoes. And I want to help you do the same. I want to show you how to shortcut the pitfalls, the shortcuts how to bypass if that falls and guide you to the success you deserve without the needless stress and anxiety. The problem with this copy is it still feels too generic. So we got to start to speak to more of what you're really going to start to produce with people a little bit better. Let me rewrite the following sales letter. But consider the context info below. So I'm gonna do is on text info. You said Who is it, Melo?

[1004:37] Speaker 4: Yeah, he's probably the leader that I've found. So far. It's other people that kind of there's a few of them that do construction, general construction. But this is a different niche than general construction. General construction are people that build houses. Yeah, do we models do additions to your home? This is a different ballgame than what they do. So this is the niche, the home service, Home Services, you got to be able to come to someone's home with a nice truck looking good, and have a good presentation. And do your certain steps that I teach how to do that. And how to be really good at what you do.

[1015:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does this sound like you a hard working home business owner carrying your own weight of the world on your shoulders, but just scraping by the long hours and worried about cash flow and finding the right employees filming the grind? I've been there. I've been in the homeless serious business trenches for three decades, faced every challenge you're facing now and I'll come out victorious. I got great news, I can help you navigate Now that sounds really good. Okay, that sounds a lot better right here. That's why I'm inviting you to this free webinar or this huge change free webinar to your three day. And I'll share my top strategies that not only transformed my business, but enriched my life as well. Don't let the challenges of running them steal your joy and success. Come join us and make sure you're not just in the game but leading it. Now what I did was I actually copied part of Tommy mellows right here. And then I also copied part of the sales letter from to x Academy, which is a they help a lot of service businesses, too, and three extra revenue. So I just took their sales copy and told chat GVT to consider it when writing your sales copy. And it now has a lot more of that. That way that we're looking for here, guys, all right. And so then convert the above to a Facebook ad. So that's why there's a cadence of how to actually say it. And that's why if we can find who else is even serving that niche or that market it in our industry, it can be really helpful to be able to create the right sales, copy your home service business owner feeling stuck and overwhelmed. That's a big part of it. I battled through the trenches for 30 years, and I know what it takes. I want to share my story, simplify your strategy systematize your operations and scale with consistency.

[1046:27] Speaker 4: Okay. It definitely does sound better.

[1047:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So out of that, what the main thing was, we were able to pull from a couple of different resources out there. That's why I say it's not it didn't copy any of this text from these other landing pages. But the AI considered it as the perspective to be writing from. Yes. And so then by it, considering that as the perspective to be actually writing from and communicating from it's able to, to talk you're able to talk effectively, in a way that's actually going to connect with your, you know, your target prospect and who you're trying to reach.

[1058:11] Speaker 4: Okay, so awesome. I totally get that I can get to post that for me.

[1059:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Can you grab it in the chat?

[1060:42] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'll just go Yeah, I'm a little bit some reason tech savvy.

[1062:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you're fine.

[1062:46] Speaker 4: I'm getting I got that your mention of that definitely spoke to me. So but once I get

[1065:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: my wife's uncle Eli Lucero he does I Venetian plaster. And he's been using chat GBT on his social media and and selling. I've been reading them out.

[1068:32] Speaker 4: I'm definitely tap into that. The first thing I saw about you was the dude was was first was to get the Jarvis or was and I did I got it that day that you talked about it, but now you're kind of veering away from it. So beard away for myself? Well, yeah,

[1072:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: GBT is I still use Jasper but chat GPT I can get it to do that. I can get it to work better for my copy. Because I can ask itself better. And yeah.

[1076:04] Speaker 4: It seems like I'm doing that I'm using it to Yeah, yeah, I did that to do that. But didn't seem to like yours better.

[1078:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, yeah, well, yours kind of started at that place. But then what we sort of did was we drill down and I use some of those prompts. And we were able to really drill down into some of that copy there.

[1081:30] Speaker 4: Okay. Awesome. All right. Cool. I appreciate that. Appreciate all your teaching me, teach me went through it. I got all the books that read it. I read all the books already recommended.

[1085:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right, who wants to raise their hand? And have me look over the copy with them? Elizabeth,

[1087:47] Speaker 3: I put some copy if there. It was a little bit up above what you just posted. What I'm looking at is making I've been studying someone's copy online. And it's copy for like a Facebook ad like really short little Facebook ads. There's two different ones. Can you find it there? Do you want to repost it?

[1093:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, that's good. I got it.

[1093:33] Speaker 3: There's sort of two different I think I posted it in two different ways there.

[1095:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Yeah. You put, would you like to embark in a profound journey of self discovery, healing creative expression? Imagine a world where the pen becomes a portal to inner peace and freedom.

[1098:00] Speaker 0: Right you your way to peace?

[1099:33] Speaker 3: Yeah, and then there's another one that says words are profound little doorways to inner and outer worlds. So I'm trying, I'm studying that lady that does soul art, and watching how she's doing just really short. You know? So I'm kind of

[1103:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: just yeah, you could definitely test this out with that. I would combine it though with some video of you in your ad. Yeah, I would combine

[1105:33] Speaker 3: it with like some pictures. I would do pictures, and then some video. But I'm not sure what video I mean, as a writer. I have to think about what kind of video to make.

[1109:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the video is where you're inviting people into what they're going to experience with you.

[1111:04] Speaker 3: Okay, yeah, I can do Yeah, yeah. So

[1111:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you're inviting people into that. You know, hey, this is what you're gonna get work with us? Working with me?

[1114:14] Speaker 3: Yeah, I was watching the the woman who's does painting and she has pictures of herself painting. And then she has a voiceover over her painting. Yeah.

[1118:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this so again, what we're really dealing with is Struggling to express themselves and feeling anxiety

[1121:41] Speaker 3: about that. Yeah, yeah, exactly self expression,

[1122:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is funny, because that breaks down so much into what you even just posted further up about the aching of the heart of not knowing how to express yourself. Yes. So even in like your offer, we're working through that. So that what that tells me is that's a big area of what you work through. I remember when we were first talking, I think, didn't you say that you did? You. So that's the other thing. So you had said that you did like grief counseling. And then you said you did art coaching? And now you do writing or journaling coach? So it's like, how, how do we sum that up and explain it in a way to create an offer that's going to attract your dream clients to you?

[1133:47] Speaker 3: Right, because a lot of people do come to the word through their aching heart. And then they want to know what my gift is. Also turning that into the creative. How to soar with your creativity. I mean, I came to writing the seven years old, as a creator, I later discovered it as a place to beautiful arose. So that's a big storyteller, first to writing as a little girl. And then at 11. I was like, Oh, I can say, you know, Diana likes Bruce likes Diana and not me, that'd be him a way to Yes, press sorrow.

[1143:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's the expression finding your voice, things like that. Yeah, vision, voice,

[1144:37] Speaker 3: social, how to take heel, creativity, your vision of voice and how to create social action from your writing.

[1146:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I what I look at with you is that everything really stems around people finding their voice and being able to creatively express themselves, so that they feel empowered in a world and not sitting on the sidelines. Exactly. And so now we got to find, so that's where so okay.

[1152:50] Speaker 3: It might be right your way to peace and empowerment. I mean, you know, sometimes titles, you know,

[1154:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: very, very similarly, the sounds, I mean, it's it's such an a completely different niche, but the target customer is almost the same, which is hilarious to me, was a client that I worked with for a few years, global celebration.com.

[1158:56] Speaker 3: That's total. Yeah, yeah, they do, like

[1159:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Christian teaching, when I drill down into what they help people do is to help people to feel like they've been on the sidelines feel empowered, to walk out their faith. Yes. And so like, what you do is almost exactly in the same way. But in the way that you do it is you use writing as that, whereas they use more like faith study. And so I look, yeah, yeah, you know, so like I look at, there's an archetype of a person who,

[1168:34] Speaker 0: and, you know,

[1169:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: 20 years ago, I felt like that myself, that I had a lot inside of me, I couldn't express it, I didn't know how to express it, I was constantly told to be quiet as a child, and got in trouble. Anytime I would speak up all the time. I've spent the last 20 years learning how to use spoken word, probably more than the written word to express myself, but it's the exact same issue. And then what you want to do is you want to describe who is the person that is dealing with this issue? And then what journey Do you walk them out of?

[1180:27] Speaker 3: You know, my first book that I wrote 20 years ago and published was called Women celebrate the gift of every moment. But the original title was women celebrate breaking silence into joy, which I wish I'd kept that title now. But yes, it's the people who have felt silenced or grief streets struck. We have this incredible passion, you know, and create a huge creative gift but art store how to get it into the world.

[1188:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now we we have this I call this is like, it's like a filter that people go through. And this is this is, this is before they coach with you. This is after they coach with you. And this is where they end up finding their voice learning how to communicate learning how to write all of that. And so that's where understanding like, what does this look like to people after they learn how to do that?

[1196:14] Speaker 3: And it's not that they learn to write it's that it's a it's a tool for their creative expression in whatever form they create.

[1198:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what happens after somebody gets empowered with that tool But what?

[1200:38] Speaker 0: What does

[1200:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: that look like if somebody who has not had that tool gets empowered with it,

[1202:31] Speaker 3: I have like 80 different testimonials, and each person is different. I mean, it each person is, you know, some literally find their, their spoken voice, others get better jobs. Others rearrange their entire space and their sacred space in their home. Others, you know, find their niche, or I mean, it's just it's so others just feel more peace. It's so different.

[1210:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, but they're, they're able to. It sounds though, like they're able to do things that they didn't feel capable of before. Yes, and they

[1212:48] Speaker 3: get perspective and compassion and room for who they make room for who they are.

[1214:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Now, again, that's all part of your process. To do is we have to package that in a way that actually speaks to the person who can't find their voice doesn't know how to communicate like, that is not filling that piece is feeling anxiety. And they're now willing to go on that journey with you. And yes, as they become one of these people who is any number of those ad testimonials that you have?

[1224:01] Speaker 3: Yeah, I love that. feeling anxiety, because, you know, when you keep the words locked inside you, there's more anxiety. And but people also need the strength and the courage to they're like, I can't put that on the page. I can't, so that it's also empowering the strength and the courage that you could free the words and they're not going to kill you,

[1228:54] Speaker 0: or anyone else. Yeah, no. Let me ask you

[1230:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: this. What where is the challenge for you when it comes to reading the sales copy?

[1231:59] Speaker 0: I think if anything, I feel

[1232:40] Speaker 3: completely overwhelmed. Because I've been doing this writing, sales copy for throw, like put put a book out on journaling. I have a I've been teaching for 30 years. And I'm kind of overwhelmed by all the different possible copies. And the directions. And, and right now it's like I just want to grow the list and do my webinar, though I could. I've taught you know, courses forever. I think I'm overwhelmed by too much. Too many words. For copy. Yeah. Like you just like I'm like, Oh my gosh, like, and then I end up with these, like 50,000 words. And I'm like, well, which are the best ones. And I'm sitting here with, like, I didn't want to put into chat. GPT almost like I've got a whole section on my website already. That has really good words. But it's like, for me organizing them and finding the right ones. Yeah, and I for a long time I mix stuff up. I'm literally it's only through your court through your work here that I'm starting to understand the difference between process and benefits and features. You know, and then the words to connect to the audience, which is different.

[1251:52] Speaker 1: Yeah, well, it's the initial invitation to connect with the audience. I'm going to try something here that we did the other day, I'm going to paste the transcript of what we've just been talking about. Okay, see what chat GBT says, Okay, I understand how you feel, Elizabeth, it's easy to feel overwhelmed with so many ideas and possibilities writing compelling copy. Your experience and passion are evident. It's an incredible asset. Let's take a step back and focus on the core transformation that your work provides. Now, that's where I think that's where we always run into the I've run into this little bit of a brick wall with you when we've done this. We're the i I've heard you say, I have too many transformations that are all different from each other.

[1264:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does that make sense? So once we have

[1264:40] Speaker 3: that, yeah, and I actually I have to go back to because I like I did, I did go to GPT. And they put all the benefits in and I was overwhelmed by all the benefits even I was like, oh my god, let's

[1267:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: improve. Here we go improved relationships, professional advancement, creative, breakthrough and ultimately inner peace, peace, to live the life you've always wanted. Yes. So that's really the outcome here. Look at you mentioned a variety of outcomes right here. These would be your outcomes if you had some. Right let's say let's let's drill down deeper into these outcomes and describe a few ways they might

[1275:45] Speaker 0: manifest.

[1277:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: improve relationships, your clients might learn to articulate their emotions better to find their relationships improving, they be able to express their feelings more clearly. They are in a perfect they're able To express themselves in a work environment, Lana promotion, share their ideas, unlock hidden creative talents have inner peace

[1282:12] Speaker 3: aspect. Those two those are the real big ones for me, yeah. Which ones create a breakthroughs in inner peace.

[1284:34] Speaker 0: Right? And through those other

[1285:19] Speaker 3: things happen, but it's really first about them in the moment. So So

[1287:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the here's the here's where the challenge is with your marketing language, I think this might help a little bit. People will like when you advertise something, they will sign up for something that promises improved relationships or professional advancement, more likely than they will to get a creative breakthrough or interface. Because they want to know, well, if I get a creative breakthrough, how is what's going to happen in my life when I do that? When I have inner peace, what's going to happen when I experience inner peace? What is that? And it's sort of like a mind movie that they have of what their future reality might look like?

[1299:21] Speaker 3: Yeah, I mean, like, when I was marketing to, you know, corporations years ago, and trying to do that, it was like the soft skills and the hard skills, the hard with the bottom line the money than that, and the software piece, and

[1302:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. So that's exactly in your sales in our sales letters in our in our marketing copy, we have to really lead with the the hard skill outcome that people are looking for. Otherwise, it'll end up you'll you'll run into a you're not going to get the right leads, you're not going to get enough leads, and they're going to cost you too much.

[1309:00] Speaker 3: What would happen if somebody just addressed it head on and say, Hey, you might think of this as being soft stuff. But in reality, this is what you put this in the copy somewhere. This is what it can translate into, like, you know, you would dress it and say, you know, you might think this is like blah, blah, New Age craps. But look what happened to Joe, Joe. You know, I love that, you know, who did this or that created that or, you know, helped you so that you address it head on?

[1317:52] Speaker 0: I liked that. Okay,

[1318:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I actually liked that a lot, how you just kind of came out with that and shared that because that's exactly.

[1320:39] Speaker 1: Um, we did this during our offer Launchpad event. I don't know if you were on the last one. All right, took the transcript and copied it in the chat GPT and sort of was able to vibe with what you're saying with Chad GPT. So yeah, it says addressing that head on is a powerful strategy with sales copy, because it builds trust, you can clearly communicate that it might seem soft, but it's actually improved their life. You might be thinking, isn't this just some New Age stuff? How can I pass responsibility to real life changes?

[1328:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, like you said, right there, paint a picture of what they're, this is the most important part with the copy is painting a picture of what their future could look like after attending the training, by applying the skills that they learned because it tackles skepticism directly, and shows real world implications. I couldn't have said it better than GBT just said right there.

[1334:25] Speaker 3: But is this for a landing page or for my little Facebook

[1334:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: ads for your will? So we start with the landing page, and then that turns into the Facebook ad?

[1337:06] Speaker 3: Okay, because I started with level fit. I'm just trying to keep it so simple, because like I said, I'm overwhelmed by my own words. And then my marketing words. Yeah,

[1338:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's but but this also applies to the right Facebook app, getting stuck in a rut struggling to articulate your ideas. You may be wondering, How can a writing webinar help with career advancement?

[1342:32] Speaker 3: I remember somebody came into one of my writing courses years ago, and they happen to wait the they were in the ad agency, a couple of people know that. This is brilliant for ad agency people. Because, yeah, we I mean, now chat GPT is taking over, but the way one could generate your ideas in terms of how I taught. Yeah.

[1347:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Feeling stuck, trapped in a maze of ideas, unable to find your voice. You're not alone. Imagine finding the courage to let your words flow and articulate your ideas with clarity and confidence.

[1350:51] Speaker 3: I mean, as a performer, I remember people would come up to me and say, Oh, my God, what a relief. You say things we all think but are too afraid to say on a stage. That's it. So that's it, getting people to feel safe in all that, you know, I provide safety for people. Yeah.

[1356:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you feeling stuck in a rut battling to articulate your ideas? Ever wondered how a simple writing webinar can catalyze a quantum leap and maybe your career relationships or other areas of life

[1359:40] Speaker 1: and you can share about one of your We'll just even one or two of your testimonies. And that could be a sales letter like that. And then you can convert the above to a Facebook ad you can use this for your writing, basically get stuck in a rut, struggling to express your brilliant ideas. Imagine a world where words flow with confidence and clarity. That sounds pretty good.

[1365:04] Speaker 3: That sounds pretty good.

[1366:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this so so this, that's why I'm saying that that sums up. I can clearly I can feel what that statement means. Right? Right there. Now you don't even need to talk about Joe or whoever. But it is nice to bring in some different testimonies like that. So I like this.

[1371:51] Speaker 0: I like this part. Leave out the skeptical and Joe story.

[1375:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to our transformative webinar. It's not just about enhancing your reading skills with igniting a newfound confidence, unleash your hidden talents, find inner peace and start living the life you've always wanted.

[1378:04] Speaker 3: Yeah, and this is the power of articulation. That's really good. Yeah, it's funny because I feel stuck in the maze of ideas with

[1380:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that, but that's, this is a lot closer to where I think is what's gonna, like, be profitable for you is how we express it this way.

[1382:48] Speaker 3: All right. I'm gonna Yeah, I will. If when we're done, send me the link to this chat. Okay.

[1386:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you grab it? From the chat window?

[1387:16] Speaker 3: Yeah, I'll drop the link in the chat window. Thank you, Jeremiah.

[1388:24] Speaker 0: Perfect. Awesome.

[1389:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, here it is. All right. All right. All right. Don, I see you posted something in there. Don, are you on here?

[1391:13] Speaker 5: Hey there. Yeah.

[1392:20] Speaker 0: Yeah, so I posted in

[1392:42] Speaker 5: the group copy for my remarketing ad, I actually had tweet, constantly experimenting my webinar ads. And finally, I feel like hit a sweet spot, I cut my ad spend from 678 per lead down to like $3.13 a lead. So I'm really excited about that. Now I just want to really dial in the remarketing ads to people to sign up so targeting everybody that's been through like my email list and my anybody that registers for the webinar. So our remarketing ad for them to sign up for the group program. Yeah.

[1405:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can I see the the regular webinar ads in the webinar page again?

[1406:53] Speaker 5: Ah, yeah, I can I can grab us a copy of the new ones and then I'll let me grab you remarketing. So we're remarketing my group program. You helped me with some copy this week for the takeback your sexy program and even said to test out a new title, this is the webinar registration page there and I'll go ahead and grab the the updated this is the new ad for the webinar itself the one that's been working really well this week.

[1420:01] Speaker 0: Sweet, I can tell why. The copy is great.

[1421:28] Speaker 5: GPT Oh, this

[1421:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: is great. This is this is exactly what I'm talking about right here. Well, there's a moment where like, you can feel what the offer is about, huh? And it's like, so I'll read this here. And I can feel okay. So here's what my brain goes into. I read that and this is this is what everybody who visits your landing page does anybody who's on here, they read the first section of the page, and then make a decision of answering this they

[1430:30] Speaker 0: they

[1430:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've never said it this way before so I'm trying to find the words

[1433:08] Speaker 0: they

[1434:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: almost internally have the statement Allah like, if that's true that this can actually help me have more energy and say goodbye to exhaustion and feel fabulous. I'm interested in taking a look at what else is further down this page. So they either have a decision to make up like okay, A that's a bold statement. Is that true? Do I want to read more or just full on doubt disconnect or it's boring, or it's confusing. So this is very clear, very much connects with what they're going to actually experience. Because I can see in my mind, what if I'm empathizing with the women that you work with. And, and it might be just because we have worked so long on this, that we I know kind of how they respond better. This really paints a picture of that would be incredible. If this is actually a reality and can work for me. So just by reading this text right here, that's the first statement that you really want people to buy into again, that's, that's why I keep going back to the three different landing pages that were our most, these are the most recent landing pages that I've created.

[1456:54] Speaker 0: If that's true,

[1457:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm interested to see what more of this person has to say, than if that's true, I'm interested to see what else this person has to say. Okay, got it. If that's true, I'm interested to see what else this person has to say. So that's the internal dialogue that you want people, they hit this and that's what they internally, they might say it or they might not, but internally, they're at least somewhat thinking.

[1465:08] Speaker 5: Okay, that makes sense. That makes sense. And that's what we talked about. Yeah, that's what I've been finding all along. And leading with the energy and the fatigue, the fatigue and going from that fatigue to energy is really what leads them and interestingly, last week, when I did the webinar and change the title and change the ads, I had more people online than I have had in like the last quarter alone. So um, um, yeah, I liked that and it was very interactive. It was a really interactive webinar as well so similar content but just tweaking it a little bit so I'm wondering though, if I even need to like change the title of the group program to be something more in alignment with this and leading even in that like all across the board with energy

[1478:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: one we always we think about what is the result of energy Well,

[1480:24] Speaker 5: the number one thing that I hear from women is they get back to doing

[1483:14] Speaker 0: Oh, I can't hear you interesting Are you there?

[1489:28] Speaker 0: Hello does anyone else hear Dawn

[1492:31] Speaker 0: don't hear her?

[1492:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. I wasn't sure if it was like my internet connection or not? I think. I think she her computer crashed. So um, so she was asking about retargeting ads. So let me go to somebody else while we

[1497:11] Speaker 0: have a little bit of time.

[1498:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Rad Where is there a place I can look for your look at your copy. There's somewhere that I can go to look at it or Seth or Deborah

[1502:30] Speaker 0: Paul and this is why we

[1503:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: do this. You know, at least once a month here in the in the group is we really spend time going over copywriting because this when you get this dialed in the leads you generate the quality of people that are on your virtual events. It becomes that much easier to actually close sales for you. When this gets dialed in. Because you're you're you're speaking in front, you're speaking to the right people, you're speaking to the people who they resonate with what that is, so the goal is and Elizabeth I feel like I'm almost kind of talking to you here a little bit. So

[1516:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: the goal is you want the algorithm on the Facebook ads to show it to people that really for lack of a better word, they energetically resonate with what your landing pages are So the AI behind the scenes of Facebook ads does a really good job of kind of finding who those people are based off of what's actually written on your landing page and then written in your, in your ad itself. And so then when those people, then we're actually talking about like real human beings here, not just names and numbers, but like real people visit your page. And they connect with it. And it's everything that they've been hoping for and struggling with. They're a, they're very excited to show up to listen to what you have to say, Okay, so like, I want, I want to room I want to, I want to see a Zoom Room, Elizabeth with 200, people that are just ecstatic to listen to you talk about your heart,

[1531:29] Speaker 0: me to

[1532:08] Speaker 3: pause page to think. And then with

[1532:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: that, like easily, you get 10 to 20 of them to buy a program from you by getting them in front of you. And so but that's the first stage is just what's going to actually attract people to get them in the room and have the right people that are looking to solve the problem that you solve for people. And so that's what, that's really what sales copy and Facebook ads and all of that are doing is we're just gathering the right people in the right rooms at the right time. If we really break it down, and like we've make it less techie, that's what it is. Dana, same thing for you. Same for Paul. Same for really everybody in this program. Yeah, well, and Don, Don has worked with my mom and I, for years. So she's been through this training, back and forth ups and downs. Don is one that I love, you know, you'll run a campaign, it doesn't produce sales, but I've never seen you get like devastated or distraught by that. And can you speak to that a little bit as to like, how you like, you lose $500 on an ad campaign? Like, how do you maintain that that sense of you're still excited to try the next campaign?

[1555:21] Speaker 5: Yeah, I don't look at it as losing it. I look at it as what I just learned one more way that didn't work. And the number one thing I learned from you when you and I started coaching one on one, and maybe even when you were working, you know, with your mom when I was doing that mastermind is that you have to view marketing as an experiment. And I'm a scientist by trade. So I understand that concept. So that's just been ingrained in me, I can hear you saying it's all an experiment. It's all an experiment, so you're gonna do your best. And then if it works great, and if it's not, you just it's like Thomas Edison, you just learned one more way that didn't work. So you just go back to the drawing by board and you try again. But if we if we leave it keep us paralyzed. We're never going to reach our goals and dreams so we have to view it as an experiment. That's it. Now

[1569:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: what what do you do when maybe you're like you have a limited budget. And you know, you don't have a lot of money to spend. Yeah, and you're managing that side of it too. Well, yeah,

[1572:32] Speaker 5: I mean, you know, my ad budget was $500 Right? So like if that's my budget for the month and I've exceeded that and I didn't get the results I want then I wait till the revenue catches up again. I need to spend you know for the ads right and that's happened to me many times over you know, is it the result I want to delay me sure a little bit but you know, you just you just got to keep on going and not give up. That's that's the bottom line. Yeah, good.

[1580:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I want to look at here you said your retargeting ads you sent me some of your ad copy here. And I'm actually I'm loving some of the just these conversations today. I'm going to have chat GPT just analyze today's call and see what like lessons I can pull out of it. Because this is like today's training has really been a real masterclass on sales page copywriting and just what makes a good sales page work together. So let's let's take a look at your I see your webinar ad here experiencing menopause feeling tired all the time. Worried about weight? Yeah, so that right there qualifies who you work with best. That's great. And so when we talk about your retargeting, copy, I'll tell you this, Don, I don't when I do retargeting, what are you? Retargeting? So anybody on

[1593:53] Speaker 5: my current email list, I think you told me to do that. Run that and everybody that's web, like registered for the webinar, like in the last 180. Yeah. Right. Put them into an audience to retarget those people.

[1598:01] Speaker 0: Is that

[1598:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: for that ad? I would take your sales letter for your actual, like paid offer itself. Okay. And I would just filter it through the chat GPT algorithm and see what it generates for copy.

[1602:37] Speaker 5: Okay for the ads, okay, yeah, for the ad copy,

[1603:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I, I'm not using. Here's it that when you get the landing page dialed in really well. Chat GPT does a really great job of converting it to an ad. Okay, and I'm not editing what it's outputting most of the time. Okay.

[1607:56] Speaker 5: And now that I feel like the title for the webinar is much more in sync. You know, I feel like maybe even taking that landing page copy and running it through. might be good to get more dialed in. Yep. For the energy component.

[1612:43] Speaker 0: That makes sense.

[1613:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do like though, that you the one thing that I might change that I noticed, because your ad does a good job of this is you may Lipsey, you may want to talk about women with menopause somewhere in up here. Okay.

[1619:55] Speaker 5: You know, the only thing I found was that when I get on my one on ones with women, they don't even know what menopause is. They don't know, they just know that they've hit 4045 50. And their bodies falling apart. Because their doctors aren't even telling them. They're not running labs. They're not telling them anything about it. And they're like, Don, I don't even know really what to expect, you know, exclusively

[1625:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: for women over 40

[1626:16] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay.

[1627:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me that. That was that's helpful.

[1627:37] Speaker 5: Yeah, that would be more specific.

[1628:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you want to if we're really niching down to that, you you're you'll end up overspending on ads for people that don't fit into that category that are really going to become a customer of yours anyways.

[1633:31] Speaker 0: Okay, so. Okay,

[1634:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do that. And then I would take what do you where's the page of what you're selling again?

[1635:31] Speaker 5: Ah, yeah, let me grab that one for you.

[1636:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually liked this webinar ad that you have right here. So for the webinar itself

[1638:58] Speaker 0: this is the paid offer but I still

[1640:24] Speaker 5: believe like I don't want to run call it the exact same thing as the from fatigue to fabulous but I feel like I should pull something similar that it'll speak more than take back your sexy

[1643:36] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay,

[1645:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, let's see what chat GBT has to say to that

[1651:36] Speaker 0: optimizing Here we go.

[1653:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I knew by just copying what you said it would kind of revitalize your routine energize your life from drain to dynamic.

[1655:33] Speaker 5: Yeah, that's another way to say it there. Number four, right,

[1656:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alicia? Yeah. Revive and thrive. Energize your life from draining to dynamic. are like awaken awaken I like this energize your life from from drained and fatigued. Uh huh. Energize your life from drained and fatigue to dynamic and fabulous.

[1661:47] Speaker 5: Oh, that's even better from drained and fatigued. Yeah.

[1663:46] Speaker 0: Yes.

[1664:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that I think that that that's a good title for the paid program.

[1665:05] Speaker 0: Okay. Awesome. Cool. I love it.

[1666:05] Speaker 5: Thank you.

[1666:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. All right. And yeah, I'm going I'm going you can post any of the nuts and bolts questions in the group. I go over a lot of those during the different courses that are in the members area to just depending on which section you're working on on the nuts and bolts and stuff like that all right, is there anybody else with copy? I know rad you said you had some

[1674:16] Speaker 0: did you

[1675:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I'm going way over today because my family's not here at the house. So I'm good given you guys a little bit of extra. I always try to give a little bit of extra in here in the in this program because I know I know that it helps take things further for Are you guys?

[1680:03] Speaker 0: Hello? Hey, what's up? How are you arrest this? This is some kind of upset as far as I know. What's up? Pardon? Oh, it's WhatsApp is part some kind of up isn't it? Yeah no worries I have a very odd sense of humor. I would say I post the link to that copy from Evernote. Oh yeah. Because I'm I have my website but I'm just switching to Squarespace now. And it's not reachable

[1692:53] Speaker 0: let me see okay

[1699:02] Speaker 0: so I would say from those three stars here

[1702:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's a little bit long, but actually like, I like the direction it's headed to

[1705:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like this right here. Well, like where are they stuck? What are they experiencing?

[1708:26] Speaker 0: Switching because you might be able to see the previous version I've done in Google pages that I was looking at that time

[1714:12] Speaker 0: so

[1714:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow, first off, what is the copy for is it for a free offer? Landing Page? Is it for

[1716:09] Speaker 0: landing page free offering it? Okay.

[1717:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the first step is I would just bring it through some of the questioning that we do in chat GVT here from the from some of the prompts.

[1719:41] Speaker 0: So I always start with pardon my hips. The thing is, I have some experience with this, but not much. So I thought maybe first I will start with some free offers to get more experience in coaching more records. more

[1726:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: case studies.

[1726:24] Speaker 0: Yeah, case study.

[1726:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. And I got you. I've listened to some of your videos honestly. You got great content you speak very well. Um, ya know, like your I turned on one of your videos the other day and I got the almost like the same sense that I feel if I listened to like Deepak Chopra. So

[1733:30] Speaker 0: I was like, here's something.

[1733:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was like, hey, you know, this guy definitely, like just energetically you have a lot of a lot to offer people that comes across, even in the digital realm. Even like, as I'm talking to you right now, like I can. I believe just as people that we can we sense each other's spirits and energy, even across the airwaves. So and that's a big

[1740:39] Speaker 0: part of what's next for people.

[1741:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's, let's see here, feeling stuck and unfulfilled. This is where again, we want to get specific, like I had mentioned to Elizabeth, about the type of what are those, like those hard outcomes that people might experience? And they're stuck. But what does that actually look like? Because here's the thing that ends up happening is, if you're not a household name, like a Deepak Chopra, or, or a teacher at that level, is you have to get specific about the outcomes. And then what I noticed is you can pivot once you have a huge audience, you don't have to get as specific. The larger the audience you have, the less specific you need to get in the beginning. That's why like, my mom has such a large audience and she just teaches on the stock market and it works great and she has tons of clients that that in that sense. When we start out we gotta get specific about like What's the sort of lane and area that we're going to be helping people in? Are there certain industries or job descriptions that people? Will that work with you

[1762:46] Speaker 0: go through? Or

[1763:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: what are some of maybe the stuck? Because I know you said you had some experience with this. What are some of the stories that you've heard or seen from people,

[1765:07] Speaker 0: but most of the people I work with as far they're either startups, people thinking about starting some business, or people who wants to start some nonprofit organization, but they are afraid of on that. Okay, like, they don't have enough power knowledge. Interesting.

[1772:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's, that's like a sub niche of a sub niche. I like that. Alright.

[1773:57] Speaker 0: I've post the link to that website is not published, because I've done it in the Google Sites. I see, then by then I find out that you can't actually track it. Oh,

[1778:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So but you could easily put this together and Squarespace pretty quickly. Um, this gives me a better image of how you want to lay it out. It's not that again, it's not bad. It's a good start.

[1782:52] Speaker 0: Um, well, it won't be the same in Squarespace. I've already started. Okay. Really few changes in this. And I'm open to suggestions how to make it better.

[1787:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm

[1789:11] Speaker 0: rippled this up right here.

[1790:38] Speaker 1: Your primary audience startup business owner, look at the sower pulling up the startup business owners that lacks strategic direction, aspiring business owners, or nonprofit, non nonprofit hopefuls who have a passion, they just they really want to build something that starts with a passion. And I think that that might actually be the hook that's going to attract people more to you is where you get specific about what some of those goals are. Do you want to start something that impacts the world that will leave a legacy, such as a nonprofit or a business but you feel stuck? Going out with what's going on in your head, you have self doubt, you're not sure if you can do it. I want to help you achieve your goals and unlock the future that's in front of you.

[1803:43] Speaker 0: Yeah, sounds, sounds well. That's what I want to do, actually.

[1805:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that type of language is what we're, we're really focusing on as what we want to communicate in the sales copy.

[1809:12] Speaker 0: Okay. We're gonna paste this in here.

[1811:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like you're on the right track. We want to paint a vivid picture transform your passion into impact unleash your potential to bring vision to your life. You want to address their fears directly. Highlight the unique selling proposition. Give them a taste of the transformation possible. Okay, so now, this is where I'm going to go in and let's see if we can come up with a little bit better of an opening sales copy right here.

[1822:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You feel like you're running in circles with your startup or nonprofit does it feel like you're pouring your heart and soul into a passion project, but not getting traction? I remember the sleepless nights wondering if my dream could become a reality that was plagued with self doubt and fear until you found a way out of that maze. And it's my pleasure to invite you to this I'll show you how to navigate through the chaos and how to successfully so we can talk about because really, that's what you're helping them with is achieving their goals as now we want to frame that in the direction of I want to go reframe it back to what you wrote here and I think it's gonna sound a lot better.

[1833:30] Speaker 0: Reframe the above with the following contents

[1837:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: you tired of feeling stuck in your life? Do you find yourself wrestling with indecision?

[1840:00] Speaker 0: I think that's what you wrote

[1841:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you feel stuck in your life. Trust me, I've been there, I understand the frustrations. But here's the thing. It's time to take charge of your future let's embark on this journey together filled with laughter growth. positivity. Let me pull this into

[1848:36] Speaker 0: pull into the playground here. This is the API version this.

[1860:24] Speaker 0: Sorry, I

[1861:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I'm going really fast through this because I ran out of messages and chat GPT.

[1863:22] Speaker 0: And so I'm using the MG chapter to PT IV, I register for and it's completely different than yours. And I'm just wondering.

[1867:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Dive into your future with unshakable confidence feeling stuck and unable to scale the wall of doubt in your life career business, I know what it feels like I used to stare at the ceiling at night wondering if there's a way through the uncertainty. When we join forces, and build bridges together our dreams become achievable. Conquer the nagging fears that you have that have held you hostage, I want to invite you to a free eye opening webinar that helps you break free from self doubt and negativity by tackling the problems.

[1875:23] Speaker 0: See,

[1875:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like that first one right here. So as like an

[1877:28] Speaker 1: opening segment to your sales copy, I think getting more specific about the fact that like they're they're stuck in their career, they have like what do they have self doubt about that is stopping them in what area and leaning into that more specifically with some of the words that we have here. So when I when I look at this page right here, one thing to keep in mind is it gets cut off on mobile on here. So you will want to fix that. So it actually reads on mobile.

[1885:09] Speaker 0: And then I would put really could take

[1887:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would get rid of this section right here may and maybe not you could take this section right here

[1890:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would get rid of this right here. But I would include a section that actually talks about you and who you are by name and just tells your story a little bit rather than just your mission and then we go in and we bring

[1898:07] Speaker 0: some of this copy right here into it at the beginning

[1901:32] Speaker 0: Does that make sense? I'll be honest, yeah. Completely I'll be honest, most of the time when I'm looking at my page and actually on any page with like landing pages forever from everyone, for me is like twice so long. Voice one is all the time the same question by solid white, that cannot be like shorter. So I don't know if it's just me. I love to read but yeah, make it short pages is just like one or two pages like short. Yeah.

[1910:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, you can definitely make it short and straight and to the point I think that that's great to do that with your landing page. It doesn't have to be long. Part of the reason why it's long is to sort of turn off people that are in a hurry.

[1916:33] Speaker 0: I've created this all texts from the using not just very high the recipe from you Yeah, so basically I've tweaked a little bit. bits and pieces and my views it. Yeah, for me, I'm looking at things. It's too long. It's too long.

[1923:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, probably is a bit too long.

[1924:18] Speaker 0: That's my feeling.

[1925:21] Speaker 1: So, but I would I would at least start with some of this copy right here. Like, are you feeling stuck and able to get past out in your career and business and bring some of that into this section right here. And then shorten up some of this down here. remove some of this text altogether. I think that'll be that'll work. All right. Yeah. Perfect. Appreciate.

[1930:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty. Awesome. Well, hey, everybody. Thanks for being on today. This is great. We were able to go over a lot of different things. So a lot of different angles with the copy. I'm excited for to continue this conversation with you see where it goes. And we will talk soon. I'll see everybody on Monday for our live q&a. Have a good one.

