LIVE Copywriting Day
Date: 2023-02-16T19:40:50.000Z
Duration: 95 min
Otter ID: rbN659gN1ugyLMaP9_zFnwzXHTk
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[8:44] Speaker 0: Good afternoon Good afternoon. Good afternoon All right. See? How's everyone doing today? Great. Great. Appreciate

[13:36] Speaker 1: your time, Jeremiah. Yeah, thank you. I'm getting my computer loaded up here I just got done

[16:08] Speaker 0: more than reading the baby downstairs with mom

[19:55] Speaker 1: realize how uncommon it is for the dad to help feed the baby

[21:49] Speaker 0: with most newborns I've had some people judge me as saying that's

[24:24] Speaker 1: arranged range of that's weird to that's downright wrong.

[26:24] Speaker 0: But it's the tell my wife and I

[28:36] Speaker 0: to to support each other, she supports me I support her doesn't go just one way. So

[31:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's only weird if you're breastfeeding. Well, you're not doing that now. Well, I technically am though, because I got breast milk in a bottle see?

[34:12] Speaker 2: A golden day?

[35:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not I'm not good. Yeah, that's, that's not we're not trying that out. I've heard some weird stuff where that sometimes can happen. I don't know. But

[39:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not gonna take those hormones to see if that happens. Oh, my goodness. But yeah, yeah, no, we, um, we do a lot of I mean, most of the time, like when it's feeding time, we just kind of will take 30 minutes and make it a break time. Healthy kind of reprocessed a lot of time that I was spending. doing other stuff for break time, I'm kind of more doing that now. I'll even take up to take calls or stuff like that, you know, just let people know. I'm feeding the baby, which is fun. All right. Well, thanks, everybody for being here. Again. Sorry, about last week, we had, I don't really want to go into the details of the situation that had happened. But we just I wasn't able to make it. And it actually like got away from me to even let anybody know about it until after the event started. And so it was a great learning experience for me to learn to not beat myself up to not self punish myself for making a mistake that I think is kind of a big mistake, as far as you know, not even letting my group know that we weren't able to do it until after the fact but I put in systems now to prevent that one of the systems is we just hired Rebecca Berkowitz. I think that's her name, her last name and her her that she just got married. Her last name was Gutierrez before. So I'm like I'm learning her new last name. But she's going to be helping with admin sending emails out responding, I'm pretty much not even going to be doing much of the about half the stuff that I've been doing in my business she's going to be doing for me, which is cool. The stuff that doesn't require my brain to be on the answers. And there's more automated. So it's like scheduling the emails and doing all that and, and the reason for this is I want to scale to where I might do six to eight events a month. And so for me to be able to do that I need to now eliminate that side of things. And that's how you scale something. You're like, oh my gosh, I need to be doing eight events a month. Well, if you want to scale to eight figures, I actually would say yes, you do. If you want to scale to eight figures you need to do you need to systematize be able to do that. The weirdest part about this industry is how do you make more money is you just do more events. Like if you want to make more money, you just do more live events. You actually are income trol of how much money you make by how many events you do. And I can say this, that you can systematize it to where you do one event a day, alive. And that's how you bring in new clients. And but now that's you got to have a real good system for that. Um, I think that that will be exhausting at that point. But I know people that have done it, I know, I know, people that that have and their business is making like in the 20 to $50 million dollar range. Because of just doing more events, that was literally the only thing that changed is they just got more people in front of them more often, and sold to those people. And so it's really just volume of sales, once you get your sales messaging dialed in, it's just getting more people to sell to. And so that's the that's, I think, really, the value in this group is

[96:55] Speaker 0: is helping y'all get to where

[98:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got your program that you're selling your coaching, and then you have your your marketing funnel, right. And in the marketing funnel, you're pushing people to that thing that you're selling. So the value in this program is that we're working on, how do we oil that as I see it as like a well oiled machine. How do we remove friction from that process to where somebody meets you, for the first time to where they become a paid customer. And there's no friction in that process where a lot of you I would say, and a lot of my clients, I was just talking to Nathaniel Iverson, he's still his second offer, by the way, he's profitable in his first offer the first time he ran it, but he knows he could do better. You know, only about 5% of the people registered, he had 200 people register for his event, but only 10 showed up live. So I'm like, Okay, there's friction there. There's friction in actually getting more people to show up live. And so that's your limiter, right there is how many sales you can get by how many people are actually able to hear your sales pitch. And so when we keep that in mind, I keep that front of mind all the time with every activity that I do. I'm only limited by how many people actually hear me sell to them. And you're not going to sell to people anymore through just social media content. You if you do organic social media content, you're going to drive people to a sales pitch, still, you're not gonna get a lot of sales, just straight off your social media content, there needs to be some kind of a sales pitch that comes in after that. And so the sales copy is what determines when you're running Facebook ads is what determines who's going to be signing up is how you qualify how many of those people actually show up. And so that's what today we're going to be going over is everybody sales copy. I'm going to start with Shonda Whitworth because he has her hand up and be she posted in here that this this is her pitch for today. One he aspect that I that I noticed here, your graphic doesn't work on mobile. Okay, so it gets cut off like this.

[134:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: On a mobile phone device, that's something that really makes sure to check as well as 80% of your people are going to look at your page on mobile

[137:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: 80% of everybody that visits your landing page, we build it on a computer, most people look at it on mobile. So when I pulled up your page on mobile, it did the same thing it cut off the image. So just keep that in mind. One way to solve that,

[141:46] Shonda Whitworth: if I just moved that block over just a little bit, unlock the writer within little block. If I just move it over a little bit, it shouldn't work. There. We'll see. I

[144:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that's good. Definitely. This is okay. Sad like this, because it's kind of like a headline, but I like to lead with you know, it's time to get your it's time to unlock the writer within and get that book written. Okay. And then you ask them the question, you know, since you're, you're targeting towards a Christian audience, it feels like they have a calling to write a book. So we know that that's a little different than say

[152:22] Speaker 1: somebody that is just like, I want to write a book because I want to tell people my story or something like that, like they actually feel called to it. So there's more of a motivation behind that.

[155:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you do address this right here. A lot of people say I'm going to write a book, but not many follow through. So I actually like what you wrote here in this copy. The only changes that I would just say would be right in this headline right here. I would I would not make your headline via question. But I would focus on that result that you You're gonna, they are going to get, they're going to unlock the writer within to get their book, not just written, but finished and out to the world. And that statement helps really paint a picture in one sentence as to what they're going to get when they purchase from you, before they even scroll down. Okay, so now the next thing that I see here, the honestly, the rest of this is really great. I like it. Um, I wouldn't center this text here. I'm noticing a lot of what I show people, when we do copy reviews has to do also with this layout on their landing page. And so I'm going to start to even implement some of that into more of our training.

[171:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would, I would left align these bullet points, they're easier to read when they're left aligned. This is great your pricing that you have here, all of this.

[174:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now how you have the bonuses written here reads well on a computer, it doesn't on mobile. So we go back to mobile, see what you say is early bonuses. I would put the same background of green behind this right here and then make this text white. Okay, so basically, you're blocking that as your bonuses right there. Okay. And then I would not have your purchase links or your pricing. Above your testimonies. You want to get people to scroll through the testimonies, before they actually get to your pricing block. Because these are powerful right here. These solidify your system so powerfully, so I wouldn't even show your price. I would have your testimonies come right, right here below your picture. Okay, testimonies below my picture. Yep. And then you go into like price bonuses purchase. Right there. Okay. Um,

[189:23] Speaker 1: and then it's up to you. I think it's fine. Yeah. Having who you are at the bottom here. I think that's great. You could have that further up around the testimonies as well. That's your call on that. Other than that, I think, I think your copy is actually really good. It's really solid.

[194:54] Speaker 0: It's more that's more like how you actually lay out your copy is more what I just went over right here. And I think that those changes will will actually have a pretty dramatic effect on how this goes for you. I can't find where I stopped sharing the screen. I don't know where the controls are. Usually it's at the top. Yeah, it's not.

[201:36] Shonda Whitworth: It changed.

[201:50] Speaker 1: Oh, there we go. There we go.

[202:24] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I appreciate that. That was really good. I'm going to be working on that. And as I get ready for this at one o'clock, I'm excited. I'm pumped. I did this master class. Not this past Saturday, but the Saturday before. And I had two cells right during the class, also from from that page. And I asked them while we were on the call still. Well, why did you buy so quickly in they said, One lady gave me feedback and said, Because I mentioned that writing a book is a business that you're going into business for yourself, and that she never thought of it that way. And, and the other one said, because of the coaching, being able to have me there with them. And I think that

[214:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: those two factors not only grow in your influence and your calling, but you can make an income. And you can get the support you need by working with Shonda to get there every step of the way. That statement, right, there is something that you might be able to play with in in some of your messaging and even put onto the page. When you say

[219:43] Shonda Whitworth: that again, that was Yeah.

[220:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see. I forget what I said. See, that's the funny part about when I say copy when I verbally say it, so I'm always recording everything. Because if

[223:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I then look back at the recording, I get a moment of like a spark, okay, let's see, I gotta like get myself back into the place of doing that. This is an example that you guys like, I don't just come up with copy on demand, I have to feel it. And then when I feel it, it comes out.

[227:19] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I'll get it off the recording. I don't know if the recording will be posted before I go this today. But I'm I'm gonna roll with it. I've been taking imperfect action, and I'm seeing small results. And I'm like, okay, that I'm celebrating those. And I'm just awesome, Lord. And so I

[232:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: remember what I said now, so what I said was, it's very important to really talk about those two things that, you know, not only are you going to grow in your impact with the book and follow the calling, but you're going to grow in your income as well. And you're going to get the support you need with Shonda walking alongside you every step of the way, in your process. And that little tidbit right there I think you could add to your landing page and include in your sales pitch because That's what people are essentially buying from you, you know, I think I've started to use a lot of that in my sales pitch as well for this program. And, but I have to cross the line of like, let people know, listen, I'm going to be there to support you. But I'm not going to be there like, every second of the day to support you, right? Because I got other stuff I'm doing. There's an I found that there's a lot of coaching. There's a lot of coaches that like they do that apparently, they have no time and they have nothing else going on. So are they have too much time on their hands. And so they're, they're in everybody's business way too much. I just can't build a business that way. And so

[251:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm making it an important part of my message to tell people listen, I'm here to walk with you every step of the way. But there are boundaries to that as well. So,

[253:34] Shonda Whitworth: right, and I'm glad you're setting up those boundaries in this and posting

[254:34] Speaker 1: on yourself setting the expectations clear for people. Yeah.

[255:21] Shonda Whitworth: So I'm doing that from the beginning. Start setting those boundaries. I'm learning because I am one that will engage way too much. And as a matter of fact, I went too long on these last on that last masterclass. I mean, the one hour VIP ended up almost being two hours, because I just got caught up

[261:27] Speaker 0: in it.

[262:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: To learn the same thing to honestly like the reason why I pushed so hard on like, all this stuff, a lot of chat GPT has been helping me like frame why I do things better. I've been using it to help frame that, because I've had a lot of people that are like, I'll say, like, you know, you got to have boundaries, you can't be codependent and they're like, Wow, you're such an asshole with all your clients. And I'm like, No. Like, the people who work with me, like know that I actually have more of a tendency to give way too much. And so the reason why I say all this is because my natural Mo is to literally like, serve, serve, serve. And I think people know that about me, the message that I give makes way more sense. Because also I attract a lot of people that they're they want to serve, serve serve as well. And when that's your heart, is to serve serve serve, is that you got to put in some of those boundaries to make sure that you actually have a life that you actually have energy, so that you can pour into people. And you're not just giving of yourself all the time, but you're also pouring from from a cup that's full.

[281:35] Shonda Whitworth: Yes, that is really good. And I'm glad you're posting that on your social media. And yeah, and I know the value you add, I'm getting that value from this from you through. So I appreciate that. And I'm going to go implement what you've shared. And yet, I'm all excited for this. So thank you very much.

[288:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited for you, too. I've seen such a like a like a shifting in you and just your your energy, which is amazing. So

[290:00] Shonda Whitworth: well it was a breakthrough was that week that you shared on the live q&a? You had a training and you talked about pressing through that resistance that was right on time. And that was the week leading up to my first live masterclass. And I was encountering a lot of resistance. I didn't have that many register. And I wasn't even sure I wanted to make an offer. And I'm thankful for a friend who's also in this group, who she called me on Friday and says John, do you have to make an offer? Even if there's one you got to make an offer? There you go. And I'm like, I don't know. So I did make the offer and to bought right away and I was just blown away. So yeah, I'm glad I learned to push through that resistance. And I thank you for that. That was right when I needed it.

[302:03] Speaker 0: Yeah, I was that on January 30. Um,

[303:51] Shonda Whitworth: so let me see my first masterclass was on the fourth so probably Yes, that makes sense. Yes.

[305:28] Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah. So that was if anybody's wondering which one she's talking about. I really went into the topic of pushing through resistance January 30. Right here. And I had just read the book.

[310:10] Speaker 0: The War of Art. The night before, I do highly recommend this book. My mom used to recommend it a lot to people is the idea of

[313:50] Speaker 1: that resistance. It could be anything. It could be the naysayers. It could be our own motivation. It could be any of this stuff. But resistance will always try to win. That's our biggest battle is against those resistances which is super cool. And so this book is really good on that. I listened to the audiobook the day before I did that training and sort of kind of brought some of those lessons into that And so in your members area, you'll find that as well under the monthly archives, the training that I did on January 30, was really powerful and solid on that topic.

[323:20] Shonda Whitworth: It is, I mean, everything you put out is powerful and solid, even even the Facebook associate. And so right now I'm at Fox 51 per lead. And it's about, it's about to end here in about 30 minutes. The ads are, but I feel like it's anything under 10 is good. So I feel I feel awesome. Like it's connecting, so it's connecting the ad is connecting with my offer. And then now I just need the landing, what I do in the masterclass to connect with them with this next offer. So very cool. I'm excited to be part of this. And I'm excited to grow. So thank you very much.

[333:54] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right, Sarita.

[336:01] Speaker 1: Yes. How are you?

[336:35] Speaker 4: Well, thank you, thank you for this opportunity.

[337:31] Speaker 1: Your copy is is so good. Like just by itself.

[339:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just gotta say that, because I went through this, and I looked at it, like it hits all the right angles. I'm, like, even disqualifying people, like I love this right here. This is this is incredible, and amazing. Because that's the truth. Like, I'm sure there's some great people that are just not a good fit for your program. Because this is the culture that you're creating. It's amazing. You know, and that's the same thing as like, I'm sure people will be like, Oh, that's mean or whatever. Like, that's the same thing, though, that I do with my style. I'm like, Listen, if you're if you're a perfectionist, you're probably not going to fit well with this program, unless you're willing to recover from that. So yes,

[350:35] Speaker 4: great. Thank you so much. And that was I was concerned, but I wanted to be very clear that it's a safe space for everyone to be who they are clear. Thank you. I worked very hard on this.

[354:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the part that I think is almost this part is off putting to me right here. Okay. Is this is I actually like, if this was the start of your landing page right here.

[357:36] Speaker 4: This right here if you don't have

[357:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: to struggle alone. Yeah. Got it. And this becomes sort of your headline right here. Okay. Is, is starting with that. Okay, and, but I'm not. So here's, let me ask you this. Okay. So you're Who are you sending to this page? Are you running ads straight to this page? Or how are people finding this page?

[364:55] Speaker 4: Oh, this is a brand new program. So I usually do run ads, but I haven't done it yet. And this is why I joined this program, because I am in the process of creating an ad, but I wasn't really sure yet how to market it if it makes sense to create an event for a low cost offer. Yeah, so you kind of explained to me that it does. So I will be running ads.

[371:51] Speaker 1: Okay, cool. But you're going to run the ads, are you going to run the ads? So for a low cost opera, here's one thing that we've seen that works well, you could use a tool like deadline funnel. Okay, let people get a like a $1 or a $7 trial of it.

[377:30] Speaker 4: Okay, so what I did decide to do based on your last suggestion is to create a three day event. And I came up with the name of three day relationship detox. And then I can talk about this and my other membership. That's, that's a lot more expensive. Yeah.

[382:35] Speaker 1: That would be the offer to that I'd love to see is that is for that three day event that kind of leads to those.

[383:54] Speaker 4: Yeah, well, you just gave me the idea on Monday.

[384:50] Speaker 0: Yeah. No worries.

[386:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So but what I've seen with a lot of the like the like the the 17 to $37 price point is when you give people a chance to even like try it out even for like a week. If you can get it I will $1

[390:03] Speaker 1: that seems to like you'll get about 75% of them staying on for the monthly

[391:50] Speaker 4: got it I will do that. So

[392:23] Speaker 1: So that seems to work out well. But that's where deadline funnel comes in. You can make it towards a limited time offer like in the next three days you get that where deadline funnel is really cool is it automates that process to where they're authentic deadlines and not fake.

[397:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Got it. So what it is, is that dollar trials only for the three days, they have a script to where it shows them the $1 and then once that expires for that that person, they no longer have the dollar trial anymore, they have to sign up at the regular price.

[401:39] Speaker 4: Ah, okay. That's the

[402:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: really cool part about about deadline funnel as a as a thing is it lets you create

[404:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and automate certain sales promotions at the individual is getting offered, say a three day promo. But then they don't see that promotion again, say for like another month at it, okay? So that's how you can then even make that into an evergreen type of thing, okay, is with deadline funnel, or you just run a promotion, when you do your three day event, you don't need to do anything technical, you just say, for the next three days, you can get $1 trial, if you want to jump in after that it's 27. It's going to be 27 If you stay on later, but I want to let you try it out for being a part of this three day training. And you can give them that sort of trial period during a shorter period of time like that.

[416:56] Speaker 4: That's a great idea. Thank you. And one last question. I had my other membership offer on this page, like so they can choose between the two. Should I put it back on there?

[420:24] Speaker 1: Because I've talked about I wouldn't personally I would keep them separate. Okay. Yeah, deadline funnel is really cool. It's how you automate the the discount thing had it.

[425:09] Speaker 0: But I like what you again, I like what you have here.

[426:39] Speaker 1: Okay, what I'm trying to find, though, is there was one thing when I looked at it earlier, let me just,

[428:09] Speaker 4: you said that, should I just take this whole thing out?

[428:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I think that I think more than this should move down and shouldn't have the black background. It should be next to your face right here.

[431:31] Speaker 4: Okay, you said it's Oh,

[432:14] Speaker 1: I bring that down here and then put it right above here.

[433:38] Speaker 4: Okay, got it and make this the headline after tonic this

[434:34] Speaker 1: the headline at the top right there. Are you are you ready to stop going through the motions and we could even reframe this like this. And this is something that I like to do. We use chat GPT or Jasper. Prodigy it's wonderful. What? What you use to make the landing page. He's He's a geek for all the landing page builders.

[440:42] Speaker 5: Use Kajabi.

[441:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, yeah. So this is Kajabi is like yeah, Kajabi makes great landing pages like this. Here's the thing with Kajabi though you're limited to it, basically looking kind of like that. There's not much wiggle room with designing it. Isn't that right?

[445:01] Speaker 4: Well, yes and no. I also have someone that I work with in the Philippines. So she's helped me greatly because my version was not this nice.

[448:20] Speaker 1: Out of the box. Good job is pretty ugly.

[449:24] Speaker 4: She helped make it a little better.

[449:55] Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay, so if I take this in the chat GPT right here. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say rewrite the following into a headline, my cat is trying to bite my arm. What's up, Kelly? She wants to say hi to everybody. Hi. Hi. She has a robot litter box now, which is it? Self cleans itself? Oh, that's great for you. Love. Yeah, she loves it. It doesn't smell like litter and it's clean all the time. So all right, following into a headline, that is a positive outcome somebody would get while also mentioning the objections they might have to it based on their, on their experience. And I need to I need to start to archive some of these prompts that I do. Yes, you do. This one's really good that I like using and then I'll just paste what you had here. Mm hmm. Overcome the toxic relationship patterns and reclaim your power break through from self sabotage and embrace self love. And then you can put what say it didn't include the objections. What object what objections would someone have to this?

[471:21] Speaker 0: List? 20 of them Okay, thank you for that.

[474:05] Speaker 1: I don't believe in the concept is too hard to break free. I've tried to break free See, this is this is like magic right here. This gets you into the mind of your target client as to why they won't buy from you. Is these questions that they have. So then what we could do is you could frame these into like the top three

[479:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: that maybe you You recognize and your clients? Yes. What would be like a top two or three? That you notice? Is there a big reason why they think they can't overcome?

[482:54] Speaker 4: I'm afraid of being vulnerable.

[483:08] Speaker 0: Okay? I'm afraid of being alone. Okay. And let me say

[487:07] Speaker 4: scroll down a little bit because I don't deserve Oh, and I don't want, I don't deserve. And I think some of them I don't want to go through the pain of a breakup because they already know their relationships toxic.

[490:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. So these are powerful, identify the top three to four objections that they have to even going through the process, and then speaking to those throughout the whole thing,

[494:00] Speaker 1: and add in your headline. So if we take this, let me just do let me just try this right here. I'm going to take this

[497:11] Speaker 0: and then I'm going to take this and then I'm going to take this one right here.

[499:47] Speaker 0: So good options people have write a headline for a coaching program, using the following information and be sure to include the objections people have into the headline. Let's see if this works.

[507:58] Speaker 1: Nope, see, it's not doing that. So let me try this. This is where it gets a little a little bit tricky.

[510:23] Speaker 0: Rewrite the headline help the headline above in a similar style.

[513:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: To the following. I'm going to figure out how to like actually get it to do this all the time. And this is probably one of the hardest parts with using AI is to actually get it to write good headlines

[517:38] Speaker 0: even if you are afraid of being alone, oh, that's so good. Thank you deserve it? or fear of going through the pain of another breakup. See? So the idea is we actually put the objection into the headline right there. Yeah, let's see if we can come up with it better.

[524:39] Speaker 1: Even if over Yeah, mine is probably pretty pretty good right there. Break free from toxic relationship patterns and start and actually let me go now back to what you wrote here. This is my kind of like mad scientist thing with writing copy that I do.

[529:53] Speaker 4: Yes, I'm with you. Because I'd be ready to

[530:32] Speaker 1: stop going through the motions. Do you don't have to struggle being alone. Okay, overcome. Okay.

[534:58] Speaker 0: Break free from toxic relationship patterns. And start loving yourself again.

[538:22] Speaker 1: Even if you're afraid of being alone, don't think you deserve it or fear of going through the pain of another breakup.

[541:24] Speaker 0: And then I want to rewrite this headline. Within clue include the following context, information, headline, context information, so we're able to give it training information by adding in that field of context. I'm gonna take these two that you wrote here because that context is missing

[550:21] Speaker 1: that didn't work. So we're going to start a new one and see how this works is pulling too much the info from up above rekindle self love even if you fear loneliness, self doubt and painful breakups hold you back. You don't have to face this alone. I like that. So that's actually pretty that's that's pretty close to I think what would be a really good kind of headline to put at the top there

[556:27] Speaker 4: at the at the top in that blank black spot or you may at the very top of that.

[557:30] Speaker 1: I would get rid of the black spot right here and I would have like your face and have that as like the headline you go into hmm, Are you ready to stop going through the motions? You think you can fix yourself instead of healing your heart after disappointment? And then you go into you don't have to struggle alone. And all that.

[563:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Got it? So I bring this down here above this line. And then I would put this as kind of the main headline, the one that we wrote above that part, and have it be next to your face right there.

[567:28] Speaker 4: The one that we just wrote, have it be next to my face on this page? This this? Yeah. Okay.

[568:42] Speaker 1: I think that because the idea is, again, it's speaking to the outcome that they're going to get, and it casts vision for that break free from the patterns, rekindle self love, even if you fear loneliness, doubt yourself, or you're afraid of getting hurt again, and another breakup.

[573:48] Speaker 4: I love that casting the vision, I'm going to keep it I don't have to

[574:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: face it alone. I'm here with you. And and maybe say that how you would say it?

[577:02] Speaker 0: You know, you don't you don't need to take what I'm saying.

[578:00] Speaker 1: Exactly how I'm saying it, take it and kind of filter it through how it Sarita say it to her tribe. And then you'll hit a homerun with that right there.

[580:35] Speaker 4: Thank you so much. So the last thing is, you said don't put the my other membership on here. But if I do a three day event, do I talk about the other membership or just focus on this? So

[585:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would mention I have this membership right here, let's say but I what I really think. See, the idea is there's two separate types of people you're dealing with, you got, who are going to your to your higher level membership 116 a month. Mm hmm. And so what this is, is again, this is for the people, what I would do is I would include this one for all those people.

[592:33] Speaker 1: That makes it maybe raise the rate for those people up to 147 or something, and kind of grandfather, a man run a sale, say, Hey, we're launching a new program, you can get grandfathered in at your 116 We're gonna raise it to 147 to include this. And that becomes a cycle where you can get your current group locked in to both. And it's sort of like a package deal. And then the people who you're trying to get for $1 trial, because if you think about it, the dollar trial and 27 bucks a month is sort of a teaser, to your 147 There's still a lot of value they get out of it, but you want it to be part of an ascension ladder to where you're wanting to ascend them to that higher level. Yes. Okay. Okay,

[604:49] Speaker 4: so you said include this in so my three day event should be targeted towards my other membership, but then include this as an option? I would.

[608:57] Speaker 1: Okay, let me I'm trying to process through this. Sorry, no, no, you're good. You're good. I'm like, my brain is spinning, because there's a few ways you could do this. Depends on how much work you want to do. That's really the answer is if you don't want to do a whole lot of work, then I would include it and kind of do like one focus on the main one, but then this becomes the down sell. The other way you could do it as you could do, how you've been marketing your higher level program. Keep doing that. And then down sell people

[618:32] Speaker 0: to this one, if they didn't join that one.

[619:40] Speaker 4: Okay, I'll press

[620:15] Speaker 1: sort of like a sort of like a, okay, you didn't join our program up here. So then what you want to do is you want to understand psychologically, the person who didn't join, what are they going through? That's different than the one that did join. And that might take you a little bit of time to find, because there's a they're at a different stage in their journey.

[627:22] Speaker 4: They really are you hit the nail on the head.

[628:08] Speaker 1: So you speak to where they are on their journey, different than the ones that are at the higher level.

[631:03] Speaker 4: Thank you. Thank you.

[631:36] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. So that's where your offer your three day whether you do an e book, whether you do a five day whether you do a 27 147 It's all about that client journey that they're on that life journey that they're on, and, and serving them at a different level of that. That makes sense

[637:17] Speaker 4: so much, and I can't wait to hear you speak more about that. Thank you so much.

[638:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we've been talking. We've been talking a lot about that in a lot of the free events that I do.

[640:56] Speaker 0: I'll talk more about that in here as well. I know we I know I went over it a little bit, I think two weeks, to possibly two weeks ago. Trying to remember where I really I think that

[645:51] Speaker 1: did I go? Where did I go over the hero's journey really? Like? powerfully? Oh, it was in the offer Launchpad event. That's right. Okay. Yes. I'm like, I know I like really, like, dove into this

[650:14] Speaker 0: last week

[650:47] Speaker 1: for launch pad of it that I did. Oh, okay. So in the members area that would that will, I think you would more than anything else that's in this members area here. You will get value from the offer Launchpad mastermind recordings that we did from like a week and a half ago.

[655:10] Speaker 4: Thank you so

[655:26] Speaker 0: much. For the very ones right here.

[656:24] Speaker 4: February, I will look for it. Thank you. So as I

[657:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: really delve into like what I just shared with Sarita. That was what I focused on. And I like, I broke, I took eight hours to kind of break it down. Hopefully, my mission is I want to take that and break it down for you all at a much more succinct level. And so that's just me getting better at teaching the message. But it's it's there and offer Launchpad. Awesome. Yeah, two days. And it was amazing. It was a two day event. We did awesome. I'm gonna go to Dorothy here. Thanks to Rita though. I'm so glad you're here.

[667:18] Speaker 0: All right, Dorothy.

[667:46] Speaker 6: Hi. Um, so yeah, I've been thinking a lot about which offer to launch first. Because as usual, I've just got so many ideas. So I've been focusing on the home education yoga offer. And because I'm working with my son on that, and I'm also working on the program, I feel like I need to just give that a bit more time. And something that is a quicker offer I could bring together, I'll just run through the overview and see what you think. And then in terms of how I could relate this to the chat GPT. So the, the idea is a three day virtual event, which will be

[679:24] Speaker 1: pulled up just to say, let me

[680:25] Speaker 0: let me I need to fix something that's been going on, I'm just gonna start a talk now. And I'm transcribing what you're saying,

[682:48] Speaker 6: okay, so. So it will be a three day virtual event, which will be one hour for each yoga event. And for this one, it would be adults doing the yoga and that's free. And then that would lead up to on the same week, a three hour Saturday yoga retreat, essentially, as a VIP upgrade, where people could email questions beforehand, if they've got different physical, spiritual things going on, which I could then build into the retreat. And I would think you're potentially charging $47 for that as a three hour retreat on the Saturday. And then from there, they could then sign up to a yoga retreat at language Hall. So this is actually going to physical place. So the adverts will be geared towards people who live in the vicinity of Angus Hall. So around Wales powers, you know, Herefordshire, and then that would be including meals and all that sort of thing for whole day retreat, and then we'd have a price, which I'm working out exactly how much that will be. But, you know, it would be on a around, you know, few 100 pounds for the day. So, so what I'm sort of looking at is how to I haven't actually worked with Chuck GPT yet, but it's the process of how I would do the copy and do the funnel with leading them through those because there's the three there's two paid offers, and the then there's the free one hour offers. So yeah, so it's really how I could work with chat. GPT what sort of questions I need to be asking it and, you know, and also what do you think about as a way of doing things?

[713:30] Speaker 0: So the

[714:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: the funnel and like the event funnel and how we do coaching, it works, whether you're doing offline or online. Yeah. The methods work the same. Yeah, however,

[717:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: people are more likely to, you're able to get way more people online than offline, at the cost that Because for people to physically like get in their car and show up like that we have more like that there's more friction in that. And so the cost to do it in person is going to be higher as far as client acquisition, actually getting people to show up in person. Yeah, becomes a lot higher than that. But I think the price that you have here, is is not bad. The concept, you've sort of taken the concept that we're doing online, you bring it to offline, it'll work, it'll convert, well, you actually build the landing page out and the funnel exactly the same. It's just the destination is different. The destination isn't a zoom call, it's driving your car and show up at this time. But the landing pages and the funnels and all that are exactly the same. doing that.

[733:09] Speaker 6: Yeah. Because also, it could be that there's an online one day retreat, which is another thing that I would do. So but would you say it's a good idea to have different offers? You know, could I have one thing that was leading people to a whole day yoga retreat online? And then another thing, which was actually the language wall? Or would that confuse people, if there's two different if there's too many different offers going on?

[742:06] Speaker 1: That can definitely get confusing. Let me say that again, because I got a little more than that.

[744:43] Speaker 6: I was sort of, yeah, because it could be I just focus on, for example, doing a three hour Saturday morning yoga retreat for 47. And then that's a funnel, which then takes them to either a whole day zoom yoga retreat, or a two day soom yoga retreat from there that you know, that then they could decide if they wanted to do a longer, you know, and again, they could pose a question, they could email me questions of things they're working with, and I could build out a retreat based around that.

[753:29] Speaker 1: What's our reason for, for doing it in person first, and then moving them to online?

[755:22] Speaker 6: So what I was thinking, well, the Illinois Tool is really just because I have a local contact here. And it's, you know, something that I feel, you know, locals would like but because I haven't sort of really developed the online in a big way, it may be that the online is just going to be much more physically a lot more profitable than doing it that language at all,

[762:29] Speaker 1: it will be profitable. Definitely compared to Yeah, one person.

[764:17] Speaker 6: Because really, even though it's a lovely people, but

[764:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what I here's one thing that I would say for you, is if you're really wanting to do one in person, it doesn't hurt anything for you to launch one, put it out there, see how people respond? And sort of that way, like even in your mind, you're like, okay, like, now I know how this will go. And try both of them. Yeah, yeah. I think it's, I think it's worth it for you to try both of them instead of wondering which one's better than the other.

[771:38] Speaker 6: Yeah, cuz I'm just wondering in terms of how the best way to go is with the advertising and how I'm targeting the market, because obviously, with the home education thing that's very specific with doing the kids yoga. So but I need to work on more.

[776:35] Speaker 1: That's a completely

[777:06] Speaker 6: Yeah. And this is quicker for me because I can, you know, teaching yoga for such a long time, so I gotcha. Now. It sounds quicker. Yeah.

[779:33] Speaker 1: But what I did was I just took how you described it right here. And I don't know if it's spelled everything right. Put all I don't think yeah, we call it

[781:52] Speaker 6: is Lang. Lang. goId. So it's LL, I N, G o, e, is a Welsh word.

[783:53] Speaker 1: Yeah. So but it took that you did, and I just put the right sales copy for the following free event. Okay. So so you're ready to take your yoga practice to the next level. Join us for a three day event to transform your mind, body and soul. During these free one hour sessions, you'll learn powerful technique to build strength, flexibility, and inner peace. Whether you're new or experienced, you'll find that you'll love these sessions.

[789:39] Speaker 6: Right? Yeah, that's lovely. We're

[790:34] Speaker 1: offering and so then you might add some coffee in here. This is where again, chat GPT doesn't shine as much because I'm certainly ideas if you use Jasper Yeah, that I can come up with some better language for some of this. Yeah. Because what I see is, you know, take some like, I'm looking at this and my mind is saying, you know, take some time out of your busy day, to to set aside for yourself, you know, a retreat away from everything else in a Ways this for yourself for three hours. Like that type of language that you could use, instead of this more stale cookie cutter language is really starting to kind of paint that picture of understanding why they would want to show up again, I think that's going to be one of the most powerful things for you, Dorothy is, is getting into, and learning to empathize with and read the mind of your target client. And this goes for everybody is, is putting yourself in the shoes of who is going to show up to this event, what their desires are, and empathize with them as to what they're going through what they want to experience. So a big part is if they're showing up for like a retreat for this, think about what would motivate them to want to be there, well, they have a busy life, they want to take some time for themselves. You know, if you don't schedule time for yourself, it'll never happen. This is a time for you to schedule three hours for that type of retreat to help recenter yourself and revive you. No one wants that. So the idea is speaking to why they would even show up to this not what it is, but why they would show up to it. Yeah, yeah. So let's let's, let's try that out right here. With some of the chat GPT lists 20 reasons someone would want to take three hours out of their day, to show up to a yoga event and invest $47.

[828:27] Speaker 1: To deepen their practice, to relieve stress, to connect with others to improve flexibility to improve their health, to learn how to quiet their mind and be present to reduce anxiety. Okay, but see this, this is still a very vague list, right? Here it is, I want to get more emotional with it.

[834:00] Speaker 0: Mm hmm. Can you take this list of 20 reasons and find 20 emotional drivers for why someone would want these, why want these

[840:35] Speaker 1: to feel more confident and empowered to experience a sense of peace and calm, to feel a sense of belonging to feel proud of their physical body to feel more comfortable and at ease to feel a sense of control over their breath. So it's reframing this and this is still not quite there. Let's take this even deeper. Yeah. What type of future life would these people want to experience?

[848:01] Speaker 0: That would desire these 20 emotional drivers list out 20 possible future outcomes

[852:11] Speaker 1: improved physical health greater, okay. It's just reframing. It's just it's copying what was up here so that's where it's kind of dumb. I want to find a prompt though to where like it kind of dives into this one way that I might take this as take what this wrote here.

[857:02] Speaker 0: These 20 reasons Yeah. And then we do write a sales letter or a three hour in person yoga retreat that costs $47.

[862:39] Speaker 1: Are you looking to deepen your yoga practice and connect with like minded individuals are you seeking to relieve stress you'll have an opportunity to learn new techniques. So again, this is more of the what they will learn

[868:06] Speaker 0: Oh, here we go. Okay. Write out the make a list. This is what we don't have here. A list of 20 problems or pain points. That the person who would come to this has emotionally

[875:52] Speaker 1: overwhelmed with stress, struggling to quiet their mind feeling disconnected feeling stuck in their daily routine. seeking something new. That was the one that I was I was kind of leaning into. Hmm, all right here was self confidence. So you notice we're sort of asking the same question a few ways. Yeah, that's giving us different outputs that really speak to who the person that we're looking for is.

[882:54] Speaker 0: And so

[883:24] Speaker 6: things stuck in negative patterns and habits, those sort of things, bringing people out of that changing their mindset, I think, is a huge part of yoga. And because what I was sort of wanting to go towards is, in terms of the actual coaching side of things. I've been thinking about the idea of working with people with a daily spiritual practice, because that's the level where you could kind of take them further down into the funnel of how that's

[892:25] Speaker 1: where you want to get them to. But

[893:05] Speaker 6: that's a lie. Yeah, to

[893:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: get people to do that, you have to motivate them to not do what their existing life is. And so that's like, there has to be enough

[896:28] Speaker 0: of a reason why, so people take action, to alleviate pain in some way.

[899:56] Speaker 1: $47 To some people, there is a pain behind spending $47 with you. Okay, that's a financial pain that they have. It's slight a slight pain of giving $47 But the relief from their other pain is greater than the pain of spending $47. And so they will rather trade the two. And that trade is where we as what we want to tap into. Yeah.

[911:42] Speaker 1: Here we go. Life can be tough. Sometimes you might feel weighed down, stressed and overwhelmed. You're not alone, many of us face these challenges. What if you could break three, that's why I want to tell you about this upcoming retreat. So the idea is you're speaking to why somebody would actually join this. So what this was, is, as soon as we were identifying the pain points and the emotional triggers, yeah, it starts to sound a lot closer to the type of sales copy that people actually convert with. You're speaking to them not settling for mediocrity or despair in their life, you're speaking to all of that. So that what I'll do is I'll take this one right here.

[923:23] Speaker 0: Actually, I'm gonna put that into a text document. So let me just put it into here. This is your original one,

[924:53] Speaker 6: would you be able to email it? Yeah, that'd be great. So going from there, I can then have a longer retreat, obviously, it's nice to bring people in something where they could come and do something regular. So then, you know, a membership could be that I was teaching, for example, two classes a week Live, which is part of our monthly membership, feel, you know, it's kind of getting, you know, deciding what would work with me in my life, and what I can offer what sort of realistic you know, and then what I would charge for that, you know, but um, some of my yoga teacher friends, like one yoga teacher, friend, he charges, it's very reasonable, actually, 2495, you can go to a man, that's pounds. And you can go to a couple of live classes a week. Plus just go as a view viewing, but not sort of in it live. You can view the Saturday retreat, and that's only like, knit 25 pounds a month. But that's what I mean. That's very reasonable. That might be a little bit too cheap.

[947:26] Speaker 1: It's probably too cheap to run ads to. Yeah, it's one of the that's one of the biggest things if you're comparing yourself to like what other people are doing. They might also have an established brand and, yeah, email lists and stuff like that when you're starting. Yeah, you have to sort of build that up.

[952:00] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah.

[961:06] Speaker 1: So you can really start to identify to what are the problems that people are actually saying right now? We're kind of just guessing. Yeah. So that's where the feedback loop is so important to

[964:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is this is probably one of the So notice we shifted to like, there's three different focuses. Are they having trouble with their energy? Are they exhausted from sleeping? Are they having trouble quieting their mind? Do they want a way away from all the stress in life, you want to figure out which one of those is more of a driving motivating factor for the people that are actually going to resonate with you? Yeah. So to that

[970:53] Speaker 1: you might have an offer, and the same offer works for those two different types of people. But one group is actually willing to make an investment the other one isn't? Yeah, what I would find is that you might find more so often, that

[976:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: people are going to spend money with you. For something that has a much longer tail. Yeah, a much longer outcome. So there's two different outcomes here. One, I want time away from the stress in life, my outcome is only for three hours, you're essentially selling them the equivalent of a beer. Yeah, the equivalent of a glass of wine. You know, after that, they go back to their life, and it's the same as it is, or what you notice here that the AI started to ride around? Is this is a little more longer tail, do you find that you have struggle? trouble focusing? Is it affecting your everyday life? Is it affecting other parts of your life? So now, they're not just coming to this yoga retreat for those three hours, they're coming for the next three months after it? Yeah, so people are willing to invest with you for something that's going to have a longer outcome than just the time that they're in front of you.

[990:19] Speaker 6: Yeah. So it could be that I had the Saturday morning retreat, and that people can either just come to that, or they can upgrade and join a membership where there'll be a certain number of live classes every week. And potentially, you know, a fault of classes, which they can dip into something like that.

[996:41] Speaker 1: So they could expect to see over the course of three months, reduced stress, better sleep quality, better strength, better stamina, flexibility, not as physical, but emotional. And so then diving into what this actually looks like in their everyday life. You know, write a creative story about someone who came to this event, and experienced the following in the next three months. Yeah, work long hours care for families to manage to find time for hobbies, but she got caught up and experienced severe stress, anxiety, she couldn't sleep, her body was tense and stiff, she decided to sign up for this, she was nervous at first, as soon as she arrived, she was welcomed and at ease. Over the course of retreat, she discovered a deeper sense of self awareness and a newfound sense of purpose. Learn how to quiet her mind, be present in the moment and listen to her body's needs. So again, this is an archetype now of sort of who you're actually talking to. Yeah. So we built a profile off of we started with these prompts. By taking what you said here and described as to what you want to do. Yeah, now we have actually a virtual sort of archetype of who you're looking to reach out to help serve. Okay.

[1017:35] Speaker 6: Yeah. Because ideally, it could move towards them from their, from the sort of weekly classes, it could move towards developing a daily practice, you know, and how people would bring that into their lives, you know, which is very much you know, so you're looking at the routine, the daily routine, how you can change your life to create the time and then move through the sort of the guilt of giving yourself that time. You know, because there's so many deep things involved. So many of my parents, friends, you know, don't give themselves the time to do the daily yoga practice, even though they'd absolutely love to. Yeah, there's so much guilt attached to it.

[1029:48] Speaker 0: Yeah, you know,

[1030:08] Speaker 1: that's it. Exactly. So we can kind of speak to that right here. Yeah, we're noticing so this is a personal letter written to Emily right here. But now if we do

[1033:56] Speaker 0: rewrite the above as a sales letter, written to a cold audience that will find it through Facebook ads.

[1036:48] Speaker 1: Discover the era feel overwhelmed and stressed out disconnected from the things you love tired of constantly being pushed and pulled, not taking care of yourself. It's a life changing experience to bring to provide you a safe supportive environment to explore and deepen your practice, to be able to quiet your mind present in the moment and listen to your body's needs, you'll discover a deeper sense of self awareness. Most importantly, have a sense of connection with other participants. They'll be in a supportive community that will help you along the way, don't just take our word for it. And then you can tell testimonies after this. Obviously, this is a fake story right here. But if you put a real testimony in place that that can be helpful for you. Yeah.

[1047:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's, that's kind of how we use the different prompts and chat GPT and Jasper to really come up with very creative sales copy that speaks to who we're wanting to do, we sort of want to create this sort of archetype of our target customer. So what I think of is as well, especially before you're starting out, like what are their motivations? What are their pain points we're struggling with? How do they think how do they react? How do they make decisions, then, as you have a group, like right here in this coaching group we've had, so far, I think, like 250 people come through the client growth accelerator so far, since we launched in August. And of those 250 people, we've we've had about, I think, like 30, or 40, about 30, drop off after the first month. So I'll take a look at okay, what does that 30 have in common that they dropped off. So now I'm gonna look at how do I stop attracting that type of person. And then I look at the ones who stayed, what do they all have in common, and then I start to build my offers off of what all of you guys are actually dealing with. So everybody, every time we do a call like this, I'm taking a mental stock as to this group here is creating my offers, we have an upcoming offer that we're doing. That's called that's called Launch your six figure group coaching program. And it's, it's, it's basically a redo of the five day event that I did, I'm going to be I'm going to be teaching it over the course of three hours in a three hour zoom seminar, launch your six figure group coaching offer, not program, but offer, we're gonna focus on launching their offer. And it's gonna be a three hour one day that I'll be doing and it actually be on March 7, right here. And so so that'll be, that's kind of taking everything that we've done in the last seven months and realized, okay, launching a six figure group coaching offer. That's what everybody who joins the accelerator wants to do. So if I can just find as many people that want to launch a six figure group coaching offer, I'm attract, I'm automatically attracting the right people. If I'm running an offer that is

[1085:32] Speaker 0: like this,

[1086:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: plan and create your signature online course or coaching program, some of these people might be a good fit for my program. But I'm telling you about 80% of who who signs up for this training isn't even ready for this program. Because they haven't made the decision to even get started building it yet. And so now I'm looking to

[1091:46] Speaker 1: speak to what are the pain points of people that are actually starting to build versus those that are making the decision to build. And then in the background, I'm sort of crafting a vision and idea over the next six to 12 months of we have this whole segment of the market that hasn't made a decision to build, how do I serve them over the next six to 12 months? And sort of upgrade them to the level to join this program? That's more of a big picture type of approach.

[1098:12] Speaker 0: That helpful? Yes, that's

[1098:34] Speaker 6: really, really helpful. That's amazing. Yeah. Because I think these is getting your head around how to really successfully release an offer. You know, that's what I'm really focusing on now. And how to link those two bits, all the different bits together. I just got a super, super good question is about my Facebook thing. I'd come off my Facebook, they blocked me out for some reason. I did. What's the best thing to do about that? Do you know why they did? I don't I think it may be because I had a face. Well, I had a Facebook. And I couldn't get into it because for some reason I'd forgotten my Well, I put in what I thought was my password. It turns out that wasn't the password. So I thought well, I'm gonna have to I mean,

[1112:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom got locked out of her Facebook, so almost a month. I don't know how she got it back. I know. It's kind of a tough process. You gotta have to bring them. Yeah.

[1115:54] Speaker 6: Because they service is pretty non existent. So yeah, it's hard because I personally,

[1118:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't let any assistance or virtual assistants log into your face. took account I saw

[1120:16] Speaker 6: because I think this was one of the things that messed it up. Yeah. So it's now that I can't actually get into my original one as an administrator helping with it. And that does.

[1124:32] Speaker 1: They've changed that rule. Now, as they are very you cannot allow a virtual assistant to log into your Facebook account. Yeah. Yeah. It's a ridiculous rule.

[1128:21] Speaker 0: You want to know why they did it? The election fraud.

[1129:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Yep. Wow. That's the reason why is because what was happening was as they were spinning up, they would have like, 100 virtual assistants, logging into the account of, say, a senator or a politician to send all these messages and campaigns out to people? Uh, huh. Yeah. So the reason why they don't allow it now is elections, they call it in authentic usage. Because it's inauthentic to have 500 people logging into one Facebook account, they want just the individual logging into it. So the rule is only you can log into your account, and they sort of track it based off of IP address. So I almost got shut down because I was having Jonathan login through mine. And so I literally had to, like, now put her into my business manager. So you can not have somebody run your account and login with you. We're handling this challenge right now. as well. With having hired a new person to help me I'm navigating that basically, I have to have her run everything through my page that I can make her an admin on. So

[1148:46] Speaker 6: yeah, well, I'm thinking I might have to set up a whole new account. But it's a real, it's a shame, because I've got a huge vault of yoga classes, or my old one. Yeah, loads of stuff that I'd built up over quite a long period of time, which I'm thinking I always just

[1152:58] Speaker 1: try to dispute it down. And yeah, keep submitting their form to keep trying to get back in.

[1155:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: You have to link it to your cell phone. I know that was an issue. And then some cell phone service providers block Facebook's text messages. Yeah. So you might have to use a different cell phone service provider company all together.

[1159:29] Speaker 6: So if I can't get in the old one, then I might have to just have it go from a new computer. Yeah. And do something like that, and see where the difference. And I'll just have to let go of the old one. Start again, and just only be the only person that uses it. So do you have men that uses the business manager on your Facebook?

[1165:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not my Facebook, but they use the business manager? Because I have them and they have to log in through their account?

[1167:22] Speaker 6: I see. So it's different. They can actually run your Facebook ads, can they safely? Yes. Right. As themselves. I see.

[1169:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: One way around this there is one way around this. Yeah. Is if you are in a corporate environment, and everybody's working out of the same office. Yeah, that's a loophole. Because they can't tell if you logged in through an assist, like, you got the same person on 10 computers because it's the same IP address. It's the same internet connection. So like we got away with that with Rick Pitino because everybody was logging in in the same office. So they couldn't tell a friend just had five computers.

[1177:48] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah. Well, I was working with some different administrators in different countries. And of course that was just like yeah. Okay, well, thanks for all of that. That's really helpful. That's brilliant

[1181:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: work because they if they did shut you down for that reason, then you might just have to make a new account because they are really really strict on that in the last year.

[1183:38] Speaker 6: Yeah. Yeah, it's

[1184:20] Speaker 1: in in authentic usage. Yeah, what Abby's use a single subnet mask Exactly. Most people don't understand what that means, though.

[1187:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And authentic usage. Facebook account right here. Coordinated inauthentic behavior. Yeah. So coordinated. inauthentic behavior is a term coined by Facebook, the use of multiple social media accounts or pages to mislead or influence people for political or financial and

[1193:07] Speaker 0: and so

[1194:07] Speaker 6: let's just say that you wanted to have helped with the admin and you're getting some that is that simple. Yeah.

[1197:02] Speaker 0: It's unfortunate, but it's part of their part of their rules of engagement now.

[1198:28] Speaker 6: So I think as well, you've got to be ready. You know, like I feel like now otherwise, I set up my whole business. I've got to be ready.

[1200:19] Speaker 1: I might contact Facebook and ask them if there's a way around this too. Yeah,

[1201:20] Speaker 6: really, it is a massive issue. Because if you're building up your business like, classes, unfortunately, I hadn't backed them up anywhere, so that I could have taken them and downloaded them into the cloud or whatever. Unfortunately, I hadn't, but you know, so but I have to be ready next time to have everything backed up out of Facebook by stuff that I've made.

[1207:59] Speaker 1: No, you're right. If everybody could log in through the same VPN, I think that would solve the problem if you could have your assistance log in through that. But again, that's a lot more technical than most people know how to do. So there's a simple way to do that. I'd love to know have a if it's just like you have everybody do that. That'd be great to share with the group if you I know that's your background anyway. So you know, all that stuff. Okay, I want to go over Denise's stuff now. Okay. Cheers. Yeah, cheers to you. I have a niece.

[1216:57] Speaker 5: My brother's having the kidney transplant. They're putting him in the hospital right now I have some stuff going on. All this since our call right now. Like, oh my god. So I'm going to have to leave. He's been very sick. And it's the whole thing. And so his potassium is high. And I don't know what's going on

[1221:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: here. If you want again, this will be recorded, I'll go over it as they're like one or two things you just want to ask me or share about this?

[1223:00] Speaker 5: No, I just would like this is like one of the be my, my offers that I'm really excited about. So I feel like it's good.

[1224:59] Speaker 1: If you've already seen the last few offers done.

[1225:40] Speaker 5: Um, married wise, I have had no one by I've had more people jump into the VIP. And the last coaching you gave me is I need to get where they are in their customer journey. Yeah, that's what I really took away. And so yeah, now on the life coaching side, I did have people sign up. So I had a total of 10 people sign up for what, 167 a month, but it's only for for three months. That's something Dave and I encounter, I think what we're gonna do with the life coaching is do an eight week program and offer more money. Yeah, we kept it to a very small group of people on purpose. And so it was the first time Okay, so I've had more results on that end.

[1239:58] Speaker 1: But I would bet you would have more results on that end. It's really crappy. But I don't know, if people like want to invest money to make their marriage better.

[1242:51] Speaker 5: Yeah, my experiences people like complain, are very much alike at the effect. Right? I think my, I don't know, I'm just kind of sitting with is this my emotion or my my wisdom? My wisdom, I think is nurture and build an audience here. People don't know me get really good with my content. That's always been my history and my coaching. I have more followers with the coaching in general, because I've been doing it for so long. This is new for me. So people are like, who are you? But I'm getting more engagement every time I do want people are like in the conversation and responding and engaging. It's just,

[1254:54] Speaker 1: I wanted to show you something crazy here. Bing image search.

[1256:34] Speaker 0: If you go to Bing images and you type in sales copywriting right here, or is it sales copy? One of the images Oh, yep. Right here. Oh

[1261:25] Speaker 1: that that was so funny. Yeah. Oh, this was a brand new, like web browser that I just loaded up. So I don't know. Maybe it knew that I visited your site.

[1264:00] Speaker 5: Yeah. Yeah. That's cool.

[1264:34] Speaker 1: I thought it was I thought it was interesting. The so on this, here's, here's what I would look at again, okay, you're gonna make more money with the life coaching. It's just the proof is there. I would look at who is out there

[1269:16] Speaker 0: successfully in the marriage space that has built a brand around marriage coaching, and what hooks do they use for their offers? Okay. Because that's where it's like,

[1275:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could spend a lot of time trying to like reinvent the wheel when somebody else has sort of already done the groundwork for you. Okay. And that's where Funnel Hacking comes in. Yeah, especially when you're getting into a niche. Coaching is so unique because I can guarantee you there is 100 coaches for every coach. A niche that could exist. Yeah. And so what happens is the top 20% rise to the top, and they're successful. And they're the ones that are advertising all the time, or they're the ones that are constantly like growing, growing, growing, growing their following growing their off their stuff like that. And so what you can learn from is okay? What hook are they using for their coaching, okay? And use that for your coaching, because what sets you apart from them, you're not copying and plagiarizing their whole landing page, their whole offer their whole business. But in a sense, you are borrowing from the groundwork that they've set up, a lot of what I've done for my offers is I will look at okay, all the people that teach other coaches, what hook are they using, and I will reframe that to what I already know about my market that I worked with. So like, I'll look at the copy that Tanner uses in his and I'll look at the copy that clients on demand uses. And I'll look at the copy of that. I'm just various different people in the industry that teach what I teach us. Because I'm confident that if they work with me, they're gonna get better results than anybody else that's out there. And so then I bring that confidence to the table of these are proven offers to my market, essentially, by competitors. Let me frame this to fit what I know about my target customer. And so I end up merging what I know about my target client, and what successful people have already done in that market. So then you're not having to reinvent the wheel, and that brings you 90% closer to your goal.

[1307:39] Speaker 5: Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna do that. Yep. There's,

[1308:34] Speaker 1: there's there's a few ethical debates on that, on doing that. But I'll tell you, the most successful people do it. So got it. There's the ethical debate as well, you know, I need to be so I'd say this all the time. And in this, right here is even helping me refine this language.

[1314:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You, you can't try so hard to be the most original thought in your market, you will become that eventually. But especially if you're starting in a new market, like, like marriage, like you're talking about, because you've refined your message in the life coaching space, to be so uniquely vinius that people love and they jump all over it. Yeah. In the beginning, though, you were borrowing from what you learned from your mentors.

[1322:10] Speaker 5: Totally. Absolutely.

[1323:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and then you and so then you took what you learned from your mentors and what you've experienced, and you crafted it into that unique The nice thing? It's the same way with the marriage thing. Take a look at who, who's I guess crushing it in the marriage game? And is there anybody that is? Maybe they're not?

[1328:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what can you learn from at least the ones that are that that they people know their name out there? And then what could you learn from that?

[1330:54] Speaker 5: That's good. I think I'm also going to see I have a feeling my husband will be open to it. I think the thing I have going for me is I'm living what I'm teaching. Yes, my husband and I have this real it's very real. What I'm teaching is the wisdom from what how my marriage, I

[1334:53] Speaker 1: think that's so important to make very clear at the top of your story here. Okay,

[1336:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: this isn't just from theory, this is my everyday life that I live with my husband. Yeah, this isn't just stuff that I've tried with other people. This works. And I'm living proof of it.

[1339:56] Speaker 5: Yeah. I think also maybe doing some content with my husband, I have noticed I've had my husband on my page like three times and I always get really high engagement. Because we're so opposite in personality and energy. It's very obvious. And I think it's just communicates like wow. And we were very authentic and give each other a lot of space to share openly. So I think those are other ways. But what I'm doing is bringing in parts work Jeremiah with my coaching and that is extremely distinct, and I'm able to do it in a way that is not parts work, but it's in the territory of parts. It still is impactful. You know, I'm not doing unburdening but you know, like hardcore

[1351:49] Speaker 1: Okay, there my marriage was a mess and on the brink of divorce and so like you can include like part of that in sort of this story, okay. Is the fact that like you've been there and have that be a real and that's where you can even put a picture of you and your husband at the top here. Okay. Instead of some other couple. I mean, what you know.

[1358:11] Speaker 5: Yeah, totally. I thought about that. All right.

[1359:08] Speaker 1: Now because it's you teaching I wouldn't do it and like the main headline at This is good right here. But I would put a picture. Yeah, you and your husband right there. Okay. And just and just, you could put underneath it. You know, you could even do a side by side of an old picture you guys, this is us when we were on the brink of divorce, and this is us now. And if there's like a noticeable difference in just kind of your happiness and yeah.

[1365:54] Speaker 5: Our smiles and we're goofy now, but they're more. There you go. Okay, cool. Awesome. I'm gonna head out. Thank you so much prayers for my brother, his name is David good energy of guys. He's really scared right now. So I'm gonna see what's going on. All right, thank you so much.

[1370:31] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[1370:52] Speaker 5: my,

[1371:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just gonna give a few more thoughts on this here, please, I'll check the watch the recording. So that's a big part of it is you are essentially the reason why people would want to coach with any of you is because you, you are living proof of the result that they're looking for.

[1377:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: And some people might say, I'm just getting started. I'm not fully Living Proof, or we end up comparing ourselves to other people's, you know, highlight reel to our process. But you're living proof if somebody who's in the process. And I think every one of us is that, that even if you're not living proof of the final outcome, right. I'm a great example of this, let me give you this. I've built a figure coaching businesses, but my own personal coaching business hasn't yet hit a million dollars in one year. I'm on pace to do that this year. But I am living proof of somebody who's built a coaching business that's making a half a million dollars a year. And so with that, I'm using that more in my language, I'm not even mentioning seven figures. In my language, I mentioned that I built eight figure coaching businesses, for others, my own is making a half a million dollars, you know, and so the person who wants to make 10 to 20 to 40k a month, they really resonate with, wow, Jeremiah has done it. He's done it for others. And so what it is, is, as you go through your process, your offer is also going to change as you grow in different places. Once you know, showing that you're living proof example of that, and that's where coaches and mentors, we need to commit to our own personal development of really following our own advice, doing what we tell other people to do. I would say that was the greatest limiting factor in my own business, was that I wasn't following the advice that I was giving others. And so people would be like, there's a disconnect there. If I'm giving this advice to other people, and I'm not even doing it myself, people will say, Well, what gives you the right to tell me to do that? Well, because it works. And I have done it with other people. But at the end of the day for marketing that didn't resonate with people, it wasn't it was resonating with a small group of people, but not a wider audience. And so that's where maybe today you might not be there, but make it a goal in three months, six months, if there's an area of your life that you know, that you can grow in, that will attract more clients to you commit to that personal growth, commit to that spiritual growth, that financial growth, whatever it is that physical change in your body, if you're teaching, stuff like that, there's another great example too. There was a when we were doing a lot with physical fitness. You want to know the most successful people with with Beachbody. There were two types of people that were most successful selling Beachbody. The ones that were like they had a huge transformation, right? Like that, obviously. But the other one was the one who was in the middle of their transformation. And if you looked at them, you're like, Are they are they there yet, but they owned the fact that they weren't at their goal yet, but they were working at it every single day. And when we can be vulnerable enough to own where we are presently in our journey, where we own where we're at presently, it actually inspires other people to join us on that journey. And as coaches that's a big part of that. So that's why you don't need to have a highlight reel, outcome or result to build a successful coaching business. You can invite people on a journey that you're on yourself. Gabby Bernstein as an author does a great job of this in almost all of her books. She writes the first two chapters of her book, she'll talk about what she's going to teach in the book. And then she'll talk about how literally, she is actively struggling to implement what she's about to teach you. And she will break down all of the ways that she failed in the last three months while writing this book to do the very thing that she's going to tell you to do. And what she learned in that process. And the idea is that's where we're not trying to appear to other people that we have it all together. Like we have it all figured out, nobody's got it all figured out. And the faster that we can show our market that we don't have it all figured out that that, that we're just somebody just like them who's going along the process. See, I'm not a big fan of this whole, like, I'm the wise guru that knows more than you persona. Like, and I've hated that a lot of people over the years have like, looked to me as that because I'm like, I definitely am not. I know more about this stuff, because I've been doing it for a while. But the more that I can demonstrate that I'm also in the process with you, I think that that helps raise people up. And that applies to all of you guys, as coaches is to start to show people, those vulnerable sides of you that maybe you're like, you know, you don't have it all figured out. It's not your you're not at the outcome that you want, you're not even at the outcome that you're teaching people, but you're working at it actively every single day. And then you put that into your sales copy, you put that into your offer, you put that into the first interaction they get with you. This does a great job of repelling people, because the person who will pre judge that you're not there yet, they won't even sign up with you. Because they need, that person needs you to be something different to trust you. Now, that's okay, if somebody else needs you to be different to trust you. They're just not ready yet, in that journey for you. That's why we can't help everybody. We're not meant to help everybody. But your tribe of people is going to love the fact that you are vulnerable and real and not just trying to put on a facade or some fake face that you're showing up as one of them as well. Okay. All right. Well, that's the end of this live training. I know there are a few people that posted the landing pages in the group, I will throughout the week, now, I will be going into the group and sort of writing my comments in their written as well under the post, and sharing my thoughts and your copy as well, those that that made the post in the group, if you're watching this, this training and on the recording, and you're saying Well, I never got to post my copy or I didn't get a chance to share I didn't know I could in the group, you can always post your landing pages in the group and share those. There's also a copywriting post in the group that you can post in the comments underneath here. And I will take a look at this as well. I'm gonna go like like Kim, she posted hers here. I'm gonna take a look at this here later this week as well go over that. So realize that these calls aren't the last chance that you have till next month to have me look over your copy, don't post in the group go share. And you can get some value that way. Bobby, what's up?

[1487:21] Speaker 2: She had at least one thing about the baby before you in the calls. Let's say just one thing about your baby before you

[1489:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: say one thing about he's starting to he's starting to smile when I come in and smile at him. So he's got that cute smile.

[1492:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: He started playing the piano already is only five weeks old. I was playing the piano. He he does this on the piano and he likes the sound. Right? I'm getting him used to that. Touching the piano keys is a fun place. And then he loves like, I'll play next to him. And he'll be like, you know, he

[1497:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: loves the piano, which is so cool. So every single day I'm bringing him to it and he's learning that he can move his hands and make sound on it, which is cool. So

[1501:00] Speaker 0: was that good? Awesome.

[1502:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, he's, he's amazing. We're having a great time with him. I'm learning a whole lot about myself. My wife and I are learning a whole lot about our own communication. And we're growing together.

[1505:35] Speaker 0: And he loves car rides.

[1507:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: He does not like when he has a wet diaper. He could care less if he has a poopy diaper though he could go poop like five times and not care. But as soon as he goes like wet, he's like it's the end of the world. So.

[1510:54] Speaker 0: All right. Thanks, everybody for being here. And I'll see you guys are Monday. Have a good one.

