LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-07-13T18:22:38.000Z
Duration: 86 min
Otter ID: VdYgioKfvLQBjQwUjDOpQDf5YLE
---

[1:04] Speaker 0: All right. Here we are in our live copywriting rewrite day I'm gonna go live in our Facebook group here invite

[9:44] Speaker 0: group has actually saved us the other day, me sharing it to the group because zoom only recorded, like 30 minutes of our main broadcast. So that was really annoying the other day because we only had 30 minutes of the actual training itself. So that's okay though. I was able to download it and get it fixed in the members area. So all right, everybody. Today is our live copywriting rewrite day. And so do you have some copy that you want us to look at? You want me to look at your offer? Let's go over it. Let me know. Raise your hand. And Jeremiah,

[24:44] Speaker 1: I have some. Okay. So I was struggling to have the landing page finished in time for this. So I dumped it all onto a Word document and I emailed it to you, or else I can share my screen whatever is easiest for you.

[28:52] Speaker 0: Okay, I don't check our email. So not I stopped checking email about six months ago in our business. So I don't even check the inbox. My

[32:13] Speaker 1: I'm wondering if I can upload it from just into the chat here. And I don't know if I

[33:12] Speaker 0: know how to log into it. It's I'll tell you, this has provided me with so much mental peace. My mental health is so much more improved. And that you know, I don't know any millionaire coach that checks all of their customer service emails themselves. They usually have somebody else that does all you can get. Yeah, you can hire somebody to do that. That's a good place to be in. If you can just share is it in a Google Doc? Maybe you can share it in the chat here.

[42:00] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm just uploading it into Dropbox. And then I'm going to knife from Dropbox. Upload it into.

[43:40] Speaker 2: Oh, let's see. Yeah, because I'm sitting in the hospitals. All right. waiting rooms.

[45:54] Speaker 0: Okay, well, the hospital looks pretty nice behind you.

[46:48] Speaker 2: Oh, cedars. Let's theatres fine. I realize.

[48:14] Speaker 0: Wow, looks like no, I can't even hear anything. So my

[49:20] Speaker 2: husband got hurt. And we're doing

[51:52] Speaker 0: sorry, I can barely hear you, though. Oh, this is great. I love First off, I'll say this. I love how you took how we teach landing pages. And you made it work for you in the AWeber landing page builder. It's simple. It works. So like aesthetically, you crushed it. Like take a look at this. It's it's simple. But it has all the features that we look for on a successful landing page that has the title, the headline, we have some stock photos here. One thing that I wouldn't do is I wouldn't center your text I centered text is a little harder to read people read from left to right, especially on mobile phones. So I don't I don't like to send her text. So let's move that over here just a little bit. So as far as like layout goes, I think your layouts great. I think your stock photos are great. Um, I'm just going to do what stands out to me. So let's give some details as to like let's let's reiterate the the date and time towards the bottom here. What they're going to get and I like to bring, even if it's the same graphic, bring this graphic back down here at the bottom. So we've done that a lot. Most of our sales pages as we'll bring the same graphic further down, put it right there. Let's just show you. An example of this is I'll have when I run my five day event, I have fun and I'm adding the recordings to the top so if people have the link to watch the recordings, it's in like one place which is fun. But yeah, so I have the graphic here that I got my head I, but if we scroll me to the bottom here to get started, I got the same graphic. Gotcha. And then I got, I reiterate those details, because it's funny people get to the bottom, they're like, oh, wait, when was it? What was the time? They like, they completely forget what they read at the top. You know, it was funny. And this might, I'll just say this, not for you. But for maybe other people watching this recording. I used to think that I was honoring people's intelligence by not repeating things. And that it was a way of me sort of showing that I respect them as intelligent people by not doing that. And I, and I've come to realize it's not disrespecting people by repeating it on the page. Especially if because I found I kept getting messages like, what's the time when's the date, and I'm like, it's on there three times. either. I can get frustrated by that. Or I can go at it again, even if it like it seems redundant. And then the email stopped coming in. And so this format works really well. I don't think you could ever reiterate when something is enough to people. I feel like that's the one area like they like people forget is like, oh, when is it? When is it? Right? So okay, so now let's, let's take a look over here some more at your page. The copy from invisible to irresistible. So I like that that's cool. Create offers. Now here's the thing I know, we had talked about, are we wanting to focus on life coaches, and are we wanting to keep it towards Christian life coaches? Yeah. Okay, so we want to make that really clear at the top here. Because you're not gonna, you're gonna attract. Especially if you want it specifically, with faith based people, you're gonna have to use some language that shows that it's a faith based. So

[112:44] Speaker 2: off, so what I've done, can you hear me now? Yeah. Okay. So what I've done is decided that I want to do it, just to my group, which is Christian coaching qualifier. Just for my Facebook group, I have 580 people

[116:51] Speaker 0: in them. Okay. Yeah, if you're doing that, then you should be okay. Yeah, but I will, I'll maybe add, like just a word here, you know,

[119:38] Speaker 2: Christian life coaching to skyrocket your

[120:06] Speaker 0: income. Yeah, grow your Christian life coaching, something like that, if that's what you're wanting to pivot towards that way, if people share it, or things like that, it's important that if you are, and there was a great, there's a great argument, you know, a lot of people think that like, okay, narrowing down to one specific faith would limit them. I have found that in the advertising algorithm that it actually helps, because when people share the same faith, there's more automatic trust built there, it's actually easier to build your offer around people that share a similar faith. I've chosen not to so I'm working 10 times harder than I need to. I was telling my wife, I was like, we can make way more money if I just focused on just, you know, the Christian market. She's like, Yeah, but I don't think that that's what God's actually called you to do. So.

[135:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm like I agree. I don't think so either. So that's why I'm not just that. But but if you do like you want to if you want to make sure that it is segmented towards that market, then you want to put the language in there. Very, very specifically about that. Okay, now let's take a look at let's see

[143:57] Speaker 0: this there's a break right here, and I would make this text a little bit larger. Okay. So skyrocket make it bigger. Yeah, see if you can make this text larger right here. I would remove that this is possible for you line. You find yourself wrestling, okay. Hmm. That sentence is I is hard to read. Okay. So that's where I would take a look at something that I will even do is if I if I look at a line of text, as I will say, make this easier to read in a conversational informal and persuasive tone those three tags, conversational, informal and persuasive. Tel chat GPT how to like, word it in a way that's easier to read. Quick question you ever felt like you're stumbling around? On the dark trying to grow your coaching business, only to feel stressed out and on the edge. It's tough, right? Okay, so that's a, that's a much cleaner way to even say this line right here. And I will go line by line with my sales letters, I'll generate something, and then I'll go and what I what I look at internally, and whenever we've read sales copy, this is a tip for everybody. It's, it's, I hope, it looks like you're not everybody's on here, well, they'll they'll miss me sharing this, that's okay. I go down the sales letter. And I read line by line. And I try to notice, where is my attention drawn away from the focus of the offer itself. So if I'm noticing that my brain starts shifting in a different direction, while reading down sales copy, that that text needs to be rewarded in a way to where the brain doesn't have to engage and try to focus more to understand what's coming across. So that's why like this right here, that kind of, it's a I consider, it's like, when your shirt gets snagged on a door, you know, I feel like sales copy. Our readers can get snagged while reading. And so we want to alleviate any of those snags. So that's why I would remove that line right there. I would reword this, how this is right here. A little more informal. Again, that's like

[186:06] Speaker 2: a very the real

[188:03] Speaker 0: let's try to reword that sentence now. It's very like see, you know, the feeling of being stuck.

[194:22] Speaker 0: You know, that feeling of being needy. Putting together a piece of furniture, let's see now ever felt tangled up, then a massive ball of Christmas lights? You know, let's see not I don't like the example of using some like other situation. To try to draw that into here. What I would talk about is, so let me actually just say that I don't like using an outside example like Christmas lights or furniture or escape rooms, can you make it relevant, relevant to online coaches who want to create better offers and get more clients? Felt like you're wandering in the dark while setting up your coaching offer feels like you've taken all the wrong decisions. You know, that feeling where you're brainstorming ideas. And you feel completely lost? You can't find your starting point. Have you ever felt like you're lost in the maze while creating your coaching package? It seems like you've made every wrong move. And you're utterly confused and can't even trace your steps back overwhelming, isn't it? But there's a more straightforward approach. So that copyright, there would be no better way of putting that because you want you want that you don't want their mind now wandering to a direction of thinking about another situation, we want their mind thinking about the struggle in their in their business that's related to your offer. And the solution, that is the alternative that you are presenting to them as it relates to that offer itself. Okay. Yeah, so there's that. Um, okay, this is great. This is good. So I wouldn't change this at all right here.

[228:51] Speaker 0: I would not put this in like a blue line right here. I would put this section in maybe a blue box, possibly the one down here, because this is where you're finally saying. And actually, let's make this more direct as well. I mean, let me adjust this. Make the following copy and make it more direct to the reader. I know exactly how you feel because I've been in your shoes. Now I'm on the other side with a coaching practice I'm passionate about each client I've worked with has actively contributed to that and I want you to experience this as well. So it's a much simplified way of saying this right here. It feels like you're, you're trying too hard to use your tagline and your title up there. And ultimately, that's a little, that's not connecting with the purpose of the language. So let's go with some language like this. Okay.

[250:43] Speaker 0: This is okay that you did that down here. That's great. I like that. I would bold any sort of mention of the date and time. Okay. And I would also reiterate the title right here while you can, so you sort of have that reiterate the title, and then do what I mentioned. Put the little graphic there. And then from there, I think that those would be my recommendations for the landing page. All right. Thank you. So yeah, yeah, that's great. Okay.

[260:46] Speaker 1: Adele, you got yours up. Now, I'm really struggling to get it into the chat and trying to connect my Dropbox to zoom. It's just a disaster, I can share my screen.

[263:51] Speaker 0: Are you able to just copy it to a Google Doc or copy just the text in the chat?

[266:07] Speaker 1: Yeah. So I've got I've got like images, so I don't know how they will. I'll just copy the whole thing. See what it looks like. See if

[268:49] Speaker 0: you can, you can try sharing your screen. Let's let's try that and if it becomes a bit of a challenge.

[271:27] Speaker 1: Share Screen. Okay, sir. Alright, so let me know when you can see that.

[273:04] Speaker 2: Yeah, I see it. Okay.

[274:06] Speaker 1: So I don't know how to get rid of that. Okay, so here's my title. Yeah, let's

[275:26] Speaker 0: just copy this into a Google Doc. Let's open open up, open up Chrome. And then it'll copy your pictures to it'll be fine. Just press press or you on a Mac or Windows press ctrl in Word Press CTRL A and then Ctrl. C to copy everything. And then open up a Google doc

[282:32] Speaker 1: don't use Google Docs

[284:24] Speaker 0: sorry. It looks like you're only sharing one window so I can't really see anything else.

[286:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, sorry.

[287:42] Speaker 0: Well, I will I'm going to take somebody else while you're figuring that out. And then we will go from there. Um,

[290:00] Speaker 0: who else has their landing page that we want to look at? Tammy, are you okay? Okay, all right. Anybody else? Anybody else have a have a landing page that they want to look at?

[294:22] Speaker 2: I just pulled over

[295:30] Speaker 0: Okay, it looks at your crashing

[297:20] Speaker 2: Everything okay.

[299:09] Speaker 2: Okay, everybody. Can you see me?

[300:07] Speaker 0: My mom? I don't know. No, I do. There we go. Okay, excellent. All right. Your landing page.

[302:26] Speaker 2: My landing page is in the Facebook group. Okay, where you posted?

[304:33] Speaker 0: I see it Yeah. Awesome. Hey, let me let me pull this up here let's share this

[306:00] Speaker 2: yeah, thanks

[308:03] Speaker 0: cool, awesome. Balanced productivity my my first initial thought on this is who is this particularly for? What's our target demographic customer? psychographic? What is their lifestyle look like? What is their what do they do? What is what would conquering perfectionism do for them? And what will that create in their life afterwards?

[317:40] Speaker 2: Oh, it's gonna help them so that they have more ease in their life with being more present. And they're going to be able to do more things so that they're more fulfilled because it's also for hyper achievers. And people by

[323:14] Speaker 0: any page looks great. I love. I love how you laid it out. So great job on the layout here. Looks awesome. Okay, thanks. You. I'm really like, I'm starting to see people like starting to, like, follow our formula for landing pages. And it makes me happy. Which is good. Because because the layout is good, it flows really well. It's simple enough, it hits all the right. Visuals with the with the graphics and all of that. Okay, so when we talk about Have you have you worked with more than 50 to 100 coaching clients already?

[335:12] Speaker 2: Um, not me specifically. And so yeah, not me specifically, but the program that I'm, I'm gonna be I'm so it's positive intelligence program.

[338:57] Speaker 0: That's right. So,

[339:22] Speaker 2: so it is proven?

[340:10] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah. I'm not saying that. It's not proven. I'm more saying, in your experience, I think yeah, Positive Intelligence is great. So we want to think about again, the so this is seems to be it's related to life coaching, is that right?

[346:59] Speaker 2: It's life and business. So it's actually kind of like a formula, so to speak, that can be or framework that can be used in anything. And it's really getting to the root cause. And what I chose is looking at the high achiever and the perfectionist, okay, because I thought, primarily, so tell me if I'm off base, but I thought, if you look at their website, it's fairly not specific to the benefit of the individual.

[356:16] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's because they're, it's because they're providing a framework that then you can choose what type of individual you really want to work with. I know a few people that have used Positive Intelligence. And then what they'll do is they like, they only work with CEOs, or they only work with stay at home moms, are they all right? And so they'll they'll niche down with the framework because it can work for any any of those different types of frameworks. So what I want to know is for you, you're talking about the high achiever and the perfectionist. The problem is, is perfect. I don't I don't see a perfectionist as somebody who's ever achieving anything. And so what how do those work together? It's more probably maybe somebody who has a desire to achieve something. Because perfectionism keeps them from achieving what they want, because they're too focused on making it perfect. It's never good enough to actually put out there and achieve.

[373:49] Speaker 2: Right, and then I, yeah, that's one piece. And I think there might be different levels that they're already achieving. But that perfectionist is stopping them from achieving their greatness. Oh, wait, it's really possible for them.

[378:24] Speaker 0: Okay, perfect. So they have had some success. Okay, so we want to we want to address that right up front.

[380:35] Speaker 0: That's, that's what I'm trying to get to. Is. That, is that what you just said, right, there is the most important part of what will determine this landing page and this offer.

[385:07] Speaker 2: So like their next level of success? Yeah, so

[385:56] Speaker 0: the difference is there's two different types of people who struggle with perfectionism. There's the ones who can't achieve anything. And really, they need more of a entry level, like trauma, healing type training. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, and so because the reason why they're perfectionism is because of, generally they experienced abuse and trauma. Now, even the people that you work with, they'll have experienced that as well. But it's but yours is that more of a level of like, I feel like myself a year or two ago would have been a good fit for what you're offering versus a person who like they can't get out of bed in the morning because they're afraid of making a mistake. Those are two very different demographics that people. So we want to focus in on the, the successful person who keeps hitting a brick wall of going to their next level. And they can't seem to get to that next level for themselves, and then restructure some of this copy in that direction. So unlocking their potential conquering perfectionism. Here's what I'm going to do here, what we just talked about, it sounds like, does that sound like what you're what we're aiming for, at least? Because when I when I look for is when I'm asking these questions. I'm trying to sort of, like I see it as like, I'm aiming an arrow in the right direction. And if we can aim it in the right way through this feedback, then we can we can readjust some of the coffee and have it really start to start to hit.

[414:06] Speaker 2: And it's also for the hyper achiever, and that person is the person that's always trying to achieve but never feeling fulfilled.

[415:40] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, that's good. That's great.

[416:34] Speaker 2: So there's the bland because I also see that some of the hyper achievers are perfectionist, and they're getting in their own way.

[418:50] Speaker 0: Yeah. Now here's the here's the question I want to ask you is do you have? Is there people that you've worked with, or in your own story yourself? That you relate with one specific area of that?

[423:02] Speaker 2: Um, yeah, I would, I would say that, okay, I'm, I would say that I'm a fairly hyper achiever, or I go, I have a high level of achievement for my life. But I've also done the work so I'm able to feel fulfilled, and I'm able to take those pauses, where so many achievers are Go, go go, and they're not necessarily feeling fulfilled, right? Not necessarily able to take a pause, they're not necessarily able to be present.

[434:56] Speaker 0: Okay, so here's how I'm going to do this. I'm gonna copy your landing page. Uh huh. Let me I gotta share a different screen here now.

[439:24] Speaker 0: We go, can you see that? So I said, Oh, you can't see it on your phone. Okay,

[441:05] Speaker 2: no, I can see it, but I can't read it. Because

[442:16] Speaker 0: that's again, yeah, you'll probably want to go back and watch the recording of this. So what I'm doing is I'm copying your sales copy from your page, and attempts at and I'm gonna say rewrite the following sales copy, based on the file following contextual information from an interview with the coach. Okay, so I'm gonna put, I'm gonna tag it as original sales copy. And I'm actually going to put it inside a little like fake brackets. If we put it at the top and bottom it, it chunks it for chat GPT to know, okay, this is the one item and then this is the other item. So I'm gonna put an interview points with the coach to rewrite sales copy based off. And so when I'm talking about when I say I'm explaining the chat, CPT, what we're what we're doing the interview that I'm talking about, as what we just just talked about, so I'm not going to copy this from my otter AI. I'm gonna paste that in here. And I'm just going to delete what's not related to them. We're gonna go to the top here

[465:36] Speaker 0: okay, and then I'm gonna delete all the rest of this. From this transcript here. This part's a little. It's like doing the surgery. Okay, there we go. So now it has the stuff that we just talked about. And I want to see what it outputs for us to kind of rewrite a little bit of the copy that you already had there, based on what we just talked about. Welcome to your breakthrough transform your perfectionism and to balanced achievement. As high achievers and perfectionist the relentless pursuit of flawlessness often leaves us feeling unfulfilled trapped in the endless cycle of striving and stress. You're stuck in the paradox of perfectionism, the constant drive for success, accompanying dissatisfaction regardless of your achievement, and this imbalance is taxing your peace of mind. I get it. I've been there. I was also caught in a vicious cycle, always pushing For more grappling for a sense of a sense of inadequacy, never truly finding time. So I liked the copy and how that's being written, but it's a little wordy. So let's have an adjust that, can you rewrite the above revised copy in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone? Ready to kick perfection to the curb? I get it. You're a go getter a high achiever and a perfectionist to the core. But that voice inside your head, it's always whispering. Are you really good enough, yet? It's not good enough. And it takes a serious toll on your life, causing you to strive and stress and keep pushing forward. It's costing you sleepless nights. And the burnout is knowing that you so this is, I would maybe reword this, asking that as a question. So let's try that in a second. Been there done that I used to be like you, I was caught in the endless stress strike repeat cycle, and took a heck of a discovery to learn how to become okay with being perfectly imperfect. Okay, so here's the only the only issue now that I have with this is we're not, we're not leading with what the desired outcome is as much. And so let's go through, I'm gonna run this through just a few of our prompts from our prompts document. And the way that you do this, as I now I run it through step, steps. One, we already have the initial sales letter. So then I'll skip to step 2345. All the way down to seven and see what outputs that it gives us.

[508:49] Speaker 2: So are you running it through each of those at the same time,

[510:08] Speaker 0: I can only do one at a time, I can only do one at a time. So what it's doing is it's taking what it wrote here, what it unpacked. And it's starting to give us a little bit better information about the sales copy. So would you say I want you to be critical now a little bit critical of tell me if this is accurate towards your offer or not? Are they striving for perfection but never feel fulfilled? Is that true? Yeah. Do they fear making a mistake? And so they procrastinate. Yeah. Are they experiencing burnout because of the stress?

[522:03] Speaker 2: And they might not be aware of it.

[522:36] Speaker 0: Okay, so there we go. So they might not be aware of experiencing burnout and might not even recognize that that is the case. So that's really key information right there. And so what I like to do is I'll utilize these chat GBT prompts, and then I put on this sort of, like, critical hat where I'm becoming critical of chat, GBT. And I'm I'm correcting it to be more accurate to the type of person I'm wanting to reach. Okay, um, do they struggle with self doubt and feeling like they're not good enough?

[532:32] Speaker 2: Yeah, sometimes, and sometimes they might not even be aware of

[535:25] Speaker 0: their perfect, that's great context, or lack of self. So that's, that's what we've been doing. I did this yesterday on the live event that I was doing with a guy and it unpacks so much more of his sales copy. By us going with each prompt, we would then criticize its outputs, correct chat GPT and tell it to rewrite it. keep these in mind and re assess the above. So now it's going to go and it's going to reassess the pain points. They're constantly striving for perfectionism, but they feel like they're missing. Something's missing. They feel stuck and sluggish, but can't pinpoint why they're struggling with completing tasks, due to their high attention to detail, and they sometimes feel anxious, but they can't identify them. Specifically as lack of self esteem or self doubt. Does that sound accurate?

[550:11] Speaker 2: Sometimes, yeah.

[550:40] Speaker 0: Okay, so what so sometimes, yeah, explain that to me.

[551:55] Speaker 2: Um, I was actually thinking of like a couple of different type of people in that process.

[553:40] Speaker 0: So that's why so tell me about those people.

[554:38] Speaker 2: Okay, so, sometime, so some of them are, like, taking action, but they are concerned about their perfectionism and so that it takes them a long time to do that. And then other ones just might not even be taken, they haven't even opened up to the possibility of what's possible for. Okay. And, and so once they start to recognize this perfectionism, they start to take more action, they're able to be more present, they're able to be more confident, they're able to they start to feel more fulfilled.

[569:03] Speaker 0: Perfect. Okay, so we're gonna, we're gonna add some of that into the context, they're pursuing perfection, which hinders their ability to act quickly. They have a limited view of their potential of what's possible for them. And sometimes they have a lack of confidence due to unrecognized self doubt, or low self esteem that they don't even know is affecting them.

[574:31] Speaker 2: And the hyper achiever is just go, go go.

[575:18] Speaker 0: Yep. Consider the context as well, that many of these people are hyper achievers who are constantly in a state in a state of go go go trying to achieve in there.

[580:17] Speaker 2: So their external focus, they're not able to just kind of sit with themselves. Yeah. Perfect.

[586:03] Speaker 0: So now here's what I'm going to do, because we corrected it a few times, I'm gonna combine all of these corrections into one. So that we're because it has only a 4000 token, look back is what it's called. I'm going to put these into just one specifically. And then we're going to tell it to output this for us here. They're constantly in Go, go go mode striving to achieve they're struggling, taking a long time to act due to needing everything perfect. They're constantly active, yet not fully aware of what their potential is that they can accomplish. And they can't sit with themselves and enjoy moments of stillness because they're so externally focused.

[599:09] Speaker 0: They have a feeling that they need to do more to achieve more, versus realizing that they can take a step back they value logic and proven results over emotion. Sounds good. Say goodbye to the go go go and achieve and say hello to balanced achievement, transform your drive into fulfilment. Achievement without agony and stress uncover the secret to balance success. Okay, so now what I'll do is I'll go through and let's do we have the epiphany bridge now. Here's one thing that I'll challenge you with with this copy is if you're finding that you have two or three very different types of people that you work with, it might be better to split that into three different offers. Does that make sense? Totally, I've actually thought about that. And so the idea that and so like, because that's kind of what that's kind of what I've done to bring people into the, I want people to understand they need to work on their sales, copy their offer all of that. But some people might be starting their coaching business, some people might want to run Facebook ads, other people might just want to learn how to do good webinars. But I lead all of those people to the idea that you need to have a good offer in order to attract the right people make your ads cost to actually work. And then when you're giving a presentation to the right people, it's it exponentially increases the results because you're not, you know, just hoping that you're talking to qualified people, you actually can confidently know that you have the right people in front of you, which is cool. So the main problem, the relentless drive to achieve perfection, causing burnout, dissatisfaction and lack of self awareness, balance, achievement, and fulfillment is the solution managing perfectionism, harnessing their potential experiencing self satisfaction, and then on answering their phones. So now, we're gonna throw in the outcome generator

[633:38] Speaker 0: achieve balance, balance in life and work, harnessing their perfectionism productively, that's a great way to put that instead of trying to get them to eliminate perfectionism. How do you utilize it to your advantage that actually might speak to the people you're looking for? How to utilize perfectionism to a positive advantage in their life. Does that make sense? Yeah. All right. Because I've even found myself, you know, I'm like, there's areas where, because I've been able to figure out a level of perfectionism, that's okay. And I know where to stop it, I can actually be more productive because of that. Um, as long as it doesn't become a detriment, see

[648:33] Speaker 0: I wish it went faster, but there's no way to actually speed up the chat GPT outputs. There's like, whenever we, I don't know if y'all know this, whenever I send a prompt to chat GPT it goes to a server with a bunch of graphics cards, by the company, and Vidya and they process all of this data, and then they send back to me that your outputs. And all of this is happening behind the scenes in the cloud. And so that's why the speed of the output is how fast the server can process the information. Okay, so professional accomplishment. Maybe she finally is able to become a trailblazer in her industry, or in a promotion to a C level position at a job. Does that sound right?

[660:33] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's right. And also entrepreneurs as well.

[661:37] Speaker 0: Yeah. Personal Growth, their health and wellness is starting to come together community influence. They're living a happy, healthy life now after coming through with you. So now, I'm going to take this this prompt right here. This one is interesting that I generated this is a new one. I don't know if I've explained this to you guys. Sales Letter questionnaire after we go through that. There's 12 questions that I have chat GBT answer, and I created these based off of our last two offer Launchpad events. I had chat GPT analyze all of the feedback that I've given people about their copy, and it whittled it down to 12 strategic questions that then create a prompt that we're able to ask it and these are these are 12 sections to validate Do we understand their pain points. So the key setback is persistent burnout, and ability to prioritize self care, lack of work life balance, constant self doubt, and a tendency towards perfectionism that stops them from progressing. Does that sound right? Okay. The outcome is to achieve their professional goals while having a healthy balance of work and personal life. And we want to channel it in a positive way for them. All right. That sounds good. So now let's take our expert sales letter prompt. And then our final step seven, storytelling framework prompt and let's see what kind of sales copy it does. Do you feel like you're on the hamster wheel going all out yet feeling like you're stuck in the same spot. I've been they're always in Go Go Go mode, believing that being a perfectionist is the only way to succeed. Yeah, all it did was lead to a cycle of self doubt and burnout. Even without recognizing it. My self esteem took a hit and progress slowed down and it felt like I was grappling in the dark. I discovered something that would turn it all around a realization that perfectionism was the underlying issue, which once recognized opened up a world of possibilities allowed me to present to be present to be confident and finally step away from that incessant need to be perfect. And I want to share this game changing revelation with you. Hey, so let me we have to rewrite the sales copy above with the ultimate outcome in mind. This is for a free three day intensive

[706:46] Speaker 0: that we want to use to persuade people to register for Okay, so now I'm going to go back to the top here and I'm going to take your original sales letter

[711:48] Speaker 0: we're going to copy this right here. This firt to reiterate back to itself what the original sales letter was

[716:15] Speaker 0: step into your power and tame the perfectionist beast on change yourself from the shackles of perfectionism and tap into your your own abilities to bask in the glory of well rounded triumphs. Amplify yourself let's let's let's Have it rewrite it in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone. Do so based on the above. But consider the following information for some context. write the sales letter in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone

[728:53] Speaker 0: Hey, they're high achiever Are you stuck on that crazy roller coaster called perfectionism continually driving yourself into overdrive striving for that elusive, perfect goal? Battling daily frustrations, anxiety and burnout. We've all been there and it feels like we're running in circles. I hear you and I feel your pain. But what if I told you, it doesn't have to be that way that you can break free from that trap and tap into your real potential, and live a deeply satisfying life that's perfectly imperfect. A few years back, I was stuck in the same whirlwind of perfectionism always pushing, never unwinding and continually grappling with a sense of not being good enough when I discovered some mind blowing strategies, and everything changed, and I was able to see the beauty of perfection of him. So what I would do is I would remove this line. Once it goes I discovered strategies and everything changed. I go into the invite. This is where chat GBT gets it wrong, is it's almost trying to re re sell me on what it's already sold me. So I wouldn't get rid of this line right here and then go into I want to invite you to join me for my upcoming free three day. masterclass unlock your potential conquer perfectionism. I think your title of your offer is actually pretty good. I think the title of the offer is good. We just want to reword how we're telling that story in a way that's similar to this right here. Okay.

[750:57] Speaker 2: And will you send me that German?

[751:16] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'm gonna copy the link to this and I'm gonna paste it in the Facebook group underneath your underneath your original comment. Okay, where you left the link All right. So that that kind of gives you an idea of of it becomes more effective to attract the type of person you're looking for. Because we're really we're explaining their story back to them better. Yeah, in that so cool. Awesome. Okay, so I have another Oh, it's a

[760:31] Speaker 2: no go on. On listen.

[761:31] Speaker 0: Um, what I would do then with this is great copy. Let's write some pa s copy based on the above pa s means problem. Agitate solution, and so agitates the problem. Are you trapped in a never ending cycle of perfectionism feeling frustrated and anxious always pushing yourself to achieve I get it I've been there always struggling for the elusive perfect battling daily frustrations with that nagging sense of not feeling good enough so that what we would do with this the only reason why we're doing this is that we say convert the above into a Facebook ad

[772:19] Speaker 0: and this this can be your Facebook ad stuck in the perfectionism trap has little like lock emojis tired of battling the constant pressure to have to be perfect, but never feeling good enough. I've been there but I have good news. Introducing my free three day virtual masterclass, unlock perfection and unlock your potential and conquer perfectionism. So this right here can be that's how you would write your Facebook ad. That's the process that I use. And then what I would do is you can re regenerate the response a few times and come up with a few variations of the Facebook ad and then test those out against each other in the ads manager. Okay, all right. Thanks. Yeah, so that's that's where once we have our sales copy, then we just we tell chat GBT to convert it to a Facebook ad and that's how we run the ads that the landing page copy comes first

[788:21] Speaker 2: All right, right. Anything else that I should do on my page like my about me or anything like that? I didn't put a ton of that air

[793:19] Speaker 0: Yeah, I would put a I would put a section of who you are. People want to connect with who their coaches. So just share who you are. During this like right here, anywhere down here near the testimonies are like what they're gonna get from the class. You know, we could even take this right here before the event and after.

[799:43] Speaker 2: Oh, I can't see it.

[800:18] Speaker 0: And yummy. Let me share the screen here. Let's, let's go back here to your thing, rewrite the following based on the above info. So rewrite the following means what's below. Based on the above means what's above, that's in chat GPT. So now this would be before, you might feel swamped and overwhelmed and amidst a sea of changes, worn out and irritable, fed up with your current circumstances exhausted, constantly pleasing others, while your needs take a backseat constantly caught in a loop of self sabotage, gain newfound confidence to make enduring changes for continual fulfillment, obtain a deeper understanding of the root causes of your problem. So I would, in the after section, I would frame though, is a lot closer to how I frame them right here on my sales letter, that is talking about their struggle and then the, the outcome that they're gonna get. So let's take this, rewrite the following, based on the above info, and I'm gonna rewrite my own sales copy on this and see if this reads a little bit better for us. Before the event, you might feel swamped and overwhelmed by a flood of information. No, see, it's all about getting more coaching clients. Let's fix this. Let's try this

[824:54] Speaker 0: write some sales copy based on the above but use the following style, tone and structure as a template that might get it to produce it the way that we want it to. Let's see how this works. Before this event, you'll feel swamped with the never ending changes constantly irritable, tired, recurring self patterns of self sabotage.

[832:33] Speaker 0: After you'll feel confident with the lasting changes and ongoing fulfillment, understand the root cause of your frustration be armed with a proven system to maximize your happiness. During this event, you'll tackle these critical issues unearthing your default mode and its responses, achieving your desires with greater ease and flow, saying goodbye to frustration, irritation, decoding, what's getting in the way and stopping you immediately an unlocking your your latent potential. Um, let's do this, write a bio section about the coach based on the above that Tammy can edit. And let's see if it can write you a little bio, meet your coach. My name is I'm here to guide you on this journey. I know what it's like to feel the crushing weight of perfectionism. Because I've lived it. I was once caught up in this trap grappling with my own inadequacies, my pursuit, yada yada, but my story doesn't end there. I discovered a game changing way to do that. Since then it's been my mission to share my insights with people. As a certified life coach, I help. You can change that it says 1000s. But you can change it to whatever you want. Remain calm, clear headed and confident while facing their greatest challenges. So you can edit that right there for your bio, and then adjust it how you want it to be. Okay, all right. Exxon cool. We keep adding more to this. So I need to like recopy the link. It's funny that they don't update the links that you copy when you copy them, so you have to delete it and then re re paste it. All right. So Adele, let's check yours out here.

[860:29] Speaker 2: Thank you. Yeah,

[860:51] Speaker 1: I put a dropbox link on a Google link and I stuck it in the group so hopefully you can access it from one of those three. Okay.

[864:03] Speaker 0: All in love again, break free from toxic relationships rekindle your divine love. Let's share the screen here. transformative journey for women ready to claim their healing work less on painful memories and more on love without remaining stuck in the past. Even if you feel overwhelmed by the healing process and nobody understands your story. It's pretty good. So is that the goal is I able to

[873:00] Speaker 1: Yeah, I tweaked my Well, I followed your seven steps that you did on your five day event this week. I copied every single seven prompts and put them through chat GBT but I tweaked my offer slightly I thought the bold promise should be more kind of love after toxic relationships because I thought maybe just like being free wasn't enough of like a promise. So I was like, right, you're gonna get love, because everybody wants love like so I thought I kind of rewrote it was kind of I wanted it to be like attractive and desirable. And I thought everybody wants love. So yeah, I tried to

[882:08] Speaker 0: love, love to somebody who has been through abuse can be super painful.

[883:15] Speaker 1: Yeah. But really what it really will be teaching is self love and receiving divine love. And then obviously from that, then they will attract real love. And it's just opening people up to that idea that that you can have love. I mean, I'm even. I mean, if I was me, if I saw that I would sign up to it, because that's probably where I am right now. The graphic, I did it in five seconds, and I'll probably redo the graphic, but it was just to show you that I can go into Canva and do that. I'm not really happy with it, but I'll probably redo it.

[891:29] Speaker 0: But it works or you could use it

[893:02] Speaker 1: I tried to do a sub header of who it's not for. I don't want victims that don't want to take action. The victims,

[895:12] Speaker 0: I will put that up here. Okay. Above it. And even like the like an attention and an alert emoji. Yeah, the way you do those periods of souls.

[898:51] Speaker 1: I tried to evoke the hero.

[902:21] Speaker 0: the only the only issue I have with this is there's a lot of words going on here. Yeah, there's a lot. I'm wondering if we can say the same thing, but simplify it a little bit. Yeah. We say the same thing. But simplify it while keeping the same tone. And goal. Not going to log into my own chat GPT account as I already maxed out my wife's account.

[911:37] Speaker 1: That's why I maxed it out last night. I had to wait till this morning to finish it.

[913:11] Speaker 0: So we have two accounts. The API is also available to everybody. You can use the API if you access it from there

[917:08] Speaker 2: Okay, here we go. That's weird.

[924:07] Speaker 0: Okay, yes, I think that that is connected to a cookie in the browser. That's funny. So I logged into my account, and it said that I had reached my cap limit for chat GBT. But I actually didn't. But if I use a different browser to let me use it, so that's that's, that's very interesting. Let's see, rewrite the following in a less wordy, more simplified text to keep the same context. Own and goal. Okay. Yeah. This is an exclusive healing journey for professional women wanting to step out of toxicity take control and heal love again. No more being a perfect perpetual victim fall in love again, escape toxic relationships, and empowering journey for women's for women set to own their healing, focus more on love and less on painful memories without getting trapped in the past, regardless of how daunting the process might seem, and feeling like nobody understands.

[947:08] Speaker 0: So it's the only issue now is like, it's this part. reads like, an like, it's like a novel. Like we're writing like, a, like a we're writing a paper or yeah, this wouldn't really the way that

[953:13] Speaker 1: your, your header has on your landing page has blah, blah, blah, blah. Even if you don't blah, blah, blah. So I tried to copy that formula.

[955:33] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's fine. You did fine. There. It's this part that I'm a little stuck on.

[956:46] Speaker 1: Yeah, maybe teens. Yeah, let me just delete that. And

[958:48] Speaker 0: yes, let's go. Let me go back to now your sales letter. I mean copy this link open it back up yeah, I'm not sure that this this right here is going to contribute.

[964:43] Speaker 1: Are you sharing your screen? Sorry.

[966:08] Speaker 0: I'm not sure that this right here is contributing very much. Okay, and just delete it. Well, it might work for further down the page. Let's let's throw it down here because it's kind of I like it. I'm not I like it, but I feel like they're not ready for that yet. Yeah, so we have to do yeah, here we go. This is great. Now, let's take this copy right here

[976:42] Speaker 0: you know, I like the copy that you have. I just think it was this section that I was stuck on. Yeah, sometimes like I know, I'm not fully aware until I have it process what it is. So yeah, it was that section that I was stuck on. So now removing that actually what you have here is pretty good. Okay. Have you grown weary locks and relentless cycle? I understand. I've been there too. Believe me. There exists a love authentic, pure and divine. It's not a myth. Let's remove that

[988:43] Speaker 0: I'm thrilled to welcome you to this powerful journey called fall in love again, after toxic relationships. I like that title. Fall in love again, after toxic relationships. A holistic healing journey where we'll address

[996:06] Speaker 0: Yeah, perfect. In this free and then we'll put a lot I like to reiterate that it's live event you'll discover expert insights into Okay, so this sounds weird. This does not match the tone of what you have up here.

[1000:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, is it copied from a previous system, I copied it from a previous attempt at a landing page. That's interesting that you can pick it off immediately.

[1003:23] Speaker 0: Say analyze the tone. It's just because I read so much sales copy, analyze it. What's funny is most of your most people that are reading sales copy, they will pick it up as well, but they won't recognize what feels off. But instead they will just discredit it and say ah, this isn't for me. When really It set the tone shifted. As well as why that is. So let's take a look at analyze the tone of the following. Empowering, motivational. So now what I can do is I can take this and we're going to rewrite it in that tone. Yeah, so I'm gonna say rewrite the following based on the own above

[1016:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: profound knowledge on the distinctive curdles that professional women have confront experiencing narcissistic treatment toxic relationships, time tested tactics to rekindling your self esteem and self assuredness practical methods for stepping up your safeguarding and safeguarding healthy boundaries. Perfect. This is great

[1021:58] Speaker 0: that we understand and then actually what you put here, we understand that you may so how you had it, it's just these bullet points felt well off. Yeah, well, let's add these new bullet points here. And then what I like is what you already had. I like what you already had underneath there about we understand that you might be hesitant. Rest assured our live container provides a safe confidential space you can learn and grow without fear. That's great. I like that I would make I would make this text a headline, I would actually make that a headline and make it larger. I think that that's an important thing to reassure people up. Yeah. Okay.

[1036:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, this is good. i What's funny is it's like this is really the most important part of our sales copy. You notice, every time that we're on these calls, I focus in this section, because this is what unlocks people to want to continue further with you, as whatever is at this big Getting section here. The rest of this, people are gonna skim over anyways. So I think that that's fine. Not only yep, that's good, the tone is right. Awesome. And then I just did some Facebook ad copy. So what I'm going

[1047:44] Speaker 1: to be working on over this weekend is turning that into a Squarespace landing page with all the links. And I

[1049:12] Speaker 0: like this right here, what you actually wrote here is a nice, like, final headline to put at the bottom before your for the signup link as like, this is like your final declaration to them. Is that and then you have to sign up like,

[1054:21] Speaker 1: yeah. And then this is Facebook ad copy, which I just copied your prompts exactly from your document. Cool. And it was using that landing page. So it should be the same tone.

[1057:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you're because you were mostly there. We just made a few tweaks. So yeah, great job with this. There were just a few tweaks to make. But I think that this flows a lot better. It's going to connect to people better.

[1060:38] Speaker 1: Great, thank you. Well, you send me that version, then.

[1061:31] Speaker 0: It's in your Google Doc.

[1062:00] Speaker 1: All right. You've already added it to Google Docs, right? Yeah.

[1062:30] Speaker 0: Right in the Google Doc, which is cool.

[1063:33] Speaker 1: Thank you. I'm excited. I'm actually really excited. No. Yeah, and I'm just gonna follow your prompts to then generate the the structure of the four days. I'm just gonna go for it.

[1066:41] Speaker 0: Perfect. Yeah, yeah, that'll be that'll be great. That's awesome. All right. Let's take a look here. In here. It looks like all she had to go Diana had to go but she she dropped her landing page in

[1072:23] Speaker 0: so let's take a look at she said she had to leave at one. Her landing pages. So different shall need to follow the lead up with the link here if you have a chance to peek. Okay. Let's take a look at Diane's page. We'll do this and then I will go from go from here. If there's anybody else who wants me to look at their copy or their landing page posted in the chat? Let me know. And we'll take a look at it. I'll try to get all this done in the next because then I gotta go I have my live event that's starting in 48 and 50 minutes, so Okay, free masterclass

[1085:40] Speaker 0: how to have an anxiety free pregnancy and childbirth.

[1089:50] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, so what we're missing from here is some of that, that storytelling copy, I actually think that what you have here is a great start, which is cool. It's very specific as to the outcome. I don't think you can get more specific as to that outcome right there, it's really, really difficult to. So that's great. As far as like the promised outcome, I think that's awesome. It's really a it's kind of a trendy thing. A lot of people don't realize that there's this whole process that like even without drugs, that people are having natural childbirth without pain or minimizing the pain. And so this is something that we were researching, like when my wife was giving birth as well. So let's copy this into here. And that's where I would just I would run through those

[1106:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: same chat GPT prompts that we were using and hopefully you know, my goal is like all of you can go through and just do the same process yourself. You know, in the members area, we have all the different copywriting rewriting sessions that we've done. Each one of those is like its own sort of class on copywriting. Where I go through and I'm, I'm analyzing all the different changes to copy and things like that. Um, okay, let's take this text right here and we're going to take the prompts document

[1119:11] Speaker 0: and I'm going to take Now this is where I would have liked if Diane was here because then she could tell me if things were accurate or not as far as us going down this because then we can really start to hone it in and refine it anxiety and fear around pregnancy and childbirth struggling with this kind of I'm that sounds pretty accurate. Overwhelming misinformation, conflicting advice. That's a key one you want to address for sure. Tiffany bridge. And you can't just copy all of these at once. I wish you could. It'll just that's the limitations of the technology right now we have to do it one at a time. I don't know why it's blinking those little blocks there. Sometimes it does that.

[1134:39] Speaker 0: Frustrated with constant pregnancy discomfort and worries join our class that have helped 1000s of women embrace their pregnancy with joy and minimal stress. Let's throw in the epiphany bridge. fear and anxiety, physical discomfort during pregnancy implementing this three step guide. Put in debunking myths learning meditation techniques, following a holistic guide when I so then this becomes like a fake a fake generated story that it's generating about what somebody who would go through this type of training would experience. Why do we generate all of this information? Because what it does is it It steers chat GPT in the direction that we want it to go in by guiding it with training data. So we're creating training data, for it to give us better outputs by going through this process of these different prompts are here. ultimate outcome expected mother works with the coach gains the tools to have a joyful worryfree childbirth. Let's consider Emily. She's a first time expectant mother, she stumbled across the class. She was given six she was six months into her pregnancy. That sounds about right about six months in. You know, you could even say you know are you about you know, about four to seven months into your pregnancy, you might even put that in there identify that right around that time period. Because that would be right around the time when somebody would start looking into this information.

[1162:10] Speaker 0: As a result, she not only had a calm pregnancy, she was able to incorporate it into everyday life as a mom, it helps her be a better. So that's a that's an even casting vision for not just in pregnancy, but taking these strategies into motherhood that there's another that increases your perceived value of the copyright there. So I like that. Again, this is where Diane, I would have you correct it, adjust it if any of this doesn't fit what you're wanting to do. And I'll send you the link to this here. Once we're done kind of going through this. I liked that you can share chat GBT links now understanding pain points, key setbacks, overwhelming discomfort, anxiety related to childbirth and stress navigating all the information. A specific scenario would be a first time mother who's overwhelmed, I definitely think first time moms probably would be more of your target market. Because their pain, the pain level, I think there would be 10 times greater because of the fear of the unknown. The psychological pain is what I'm talking about. And so that's who you would probably sell to more would be first time moms more effectively.

[1184:28] Speaker 0: Hey, let's now let's write some of this story copy here. And what we would do with this story copy is we would take

[1187:10] Speaker 0: what Diane sent us we would take the sales letter that she sent right here, let's let me open this back up. And again, I think this is great. I would put if it is happening on Thursday, I will put a specific date on there of what the date is. That way they are able to anchor it to a time in their schedule, even if you have to change or update that date. And then this shares who you are. I think this is great as far as who you are. What they're going to discover is cool all of this, getting them to register but what we want to add in between here we got our promised outcome is this story section. Right here. The story of the type of mind that we're looking at are you tired? Are you tired of the constant anxiety physical Discoverer overwhelming information? Okay so it's really wordy see the above sales copy is really wordy please use the same tone as following and I'm going to actually copy per sales letter into here and have it sort of use the same tone and rewrite it that way okay

[1209:22] Speaker 0: oh my gosh that just had an aneurysm

[1211:56] Speaker 0: please rewrite the above but use the same tone as the following.

[1226:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. The pregnancy Blues have you feeling more tired than radiant? I totally get it. It can be like a roller coaster ride when you're up next, you're down. But it doesn't have to be that way. My name is Diane Rusk.

[1231:00] Speaker 0: I will probably remove any mention of being a digital marketer from there that's not relevant to them. The most importantly, I'm a laugh and love and baby hugging mompreneur last few decades that helped mamas just like you turn their pregnancy journey into blissful I've crafted a special program and then you can put the title of your program that she already had the how to have an anxiety free pregnancy and childbirth you can put that in there and the power is inspected expense expectant mothers to experience a drug free natural childbirth but the cherry on top is okay. So now we're going to we're going to take this we're going to we're going to have it just do it again

[1248:53] Speaker 0: are you here we go. Are you downright done with the ups and downs and twists? I figured the sandy Krakowski tone might actually give us more of what we're looking for. Are you downright done with the ups and downs twists and turns of the pregnancy roller coaster I get it. I was once they're navigating the same turbulent sea of emotions. One day I found a solute you could change that I would not put secret sauce you can put I found a solution a set of tools and practices to help me survive not just survive but thrive. The best part is it led me to a completely natural drug free pain free childbirth so what I would do is I would copy some of this text right here and I would sort of piece some of this together

[1264:24] Speaker 0: and then we go up here and thrilled to invite you to this free training I'll be sharing everything.

[1278:15] Speaker 0: If you're ready there we go. If you're ready to turn your tumultuous journey into a confident, joyful experience. You don't want to miss us join us On Thursday at 8pm. And set sail for a smoother pregnancy journey. So I'm trying to keep this really simple as far as the invitation right here, where we're telling them what the solution is, and then inviting them into that. So here's some copy that I like. This is how I write the emails from my mom. By the way, as I will piecemeal like five or six of these together. I'll put the pieces together and then have it sort of come up with I'll take the pieces, put them back into chat GPT and see what it outputs from what I liked. Okay, are you downright done with the pregnancy roller coaster the twists and turns? Trust me, I've been there in the same spot and I know where you're standing, navigating the wild rains. But guess what, amidst this, I found a lifesaver I stumbled upon a set of tools and strategies to help me endure this crazy ride and I actually enjoy it. And it helped guide me through. If you're ready to swap out that pregnancy pandemonium for a competent, joyful journey, you cannot afford to miss this. So I would now take this and I would open up a whole brand new chat you can see window. Rewrite the following copy from a conversational in formal and persuasive tone. Keep the text with slide to a third to fifth grade reading level. It's hard to the ups and downs of pregnancy feel like it's turning everything topsy turvy. I guess you could maybe remove the word buddy. I get it because I've been there where you are writing the same way. But guess what, in the middle of the storm, I found a life raft. I discovered some some, you could change that to strategies that didn't just help me survive, but actually have fun. And the best part is it helped me have a completely natural childbirth, then you could add him there. I've also helped.

[1318:49] Speaker 0: Get out add that in there. I've also helped hundreds of women like myself, like yourself do the same as well. Now if you're ready to train that confusion, for a calm, happy journey, check this out, join me on Thursday. A heads up there's only 100 spots, and they're going quicker. So hurry and save your spot. Now you're ready for a happier smoother journey. So that would be kind of the start of what we've would put in this copy right here, underneath this section and above your bio is is sharing that as sharing.

[1327:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Specifically what the journey is going to be like validating that and then the rest of this is actually pretty good for you to start to run. And I think that will draw people in better. And then in your video i would also talk similarly

[1333:31] Speaker 0: share a similar journey like this. You can even put write us write a script for a video sales letter to accompany a landing page based on the above. And let's see what it generates off of that. This could be Diane in there. Hey there, do you ever? Do you feel like you're on a roller coaster? Because a pregnancy does feel like everything's spinning? I totally know what it's like facing those tough parts of pregnancy. But here's the exciting part is that in the middle of the storm, there's it's funny how it's like worded fundamentally trick, I don't like that. I don't know if that's how you would actually talk. But that's where you can take some of this, this ideas, some of these ideas that it's generating and reword them in a way that would fit how you would word it. And the idea behind that is they might not read it. But now you could actually basically reiterate the sales copy in a video format on your video. And so whether they watch the video or they read the text, they're gonna get the same sort of ideas from there all right, so that's that's that right there as far as on on that level of the sales copy. Thanks everyone who kind of stuck it out here at the end.

[1354:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm sure this has been informative educational show you kind of my process of writing sales copy. I truly believe every single one of you can follow this same process for your sales letters, edit them use the prompts, and create your offers so much quicker than you could even years ago and then start testing And the goal is to see the reason why we create these offers is we want to see who registers for them, who's showing up. And now that gives us the ability to make an impact on people's lives. And sell our coaching and have a profitable business. That's the goal, having a profitable business. So I will see everybody on Monday. I guess we'll be doing another q&a here in a couple hours with the live event that we're doing. But yeah, for this group, we'll be meeting on Monday to go over all of a training and some q&a for you guys. I just posted two new lessons in the group for the successful webinars and challenges. What do you say in the sales pitch portion of that that's in there as well as a new lesson for the wealth mindset course. So yeah, I will see everybody on Monday and we'll talk soon. Have a good one.

