LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-11-09T20:09:09.000Z
Duration: 85 min
Otter ID: ktIchKNH5otB2BPKQxx_n7CHZt4
---

[0:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go live in the Facebook. Let's see if they let us go in the group here again. Nope, it's still giving us some troubles. Let's go live in the custom streaming service here all right. What is up? Cheryl? How are you?

[9:40] Cheryl Phan: Good. How are you?

[10:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Doing? Great.

[10:47] Cheryl Phan: Sorry, I haven't been on the last couple of meetings, but I've sold this is like being super busy time. My phone finished business.

[12:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's fine. That's why it's like, you know, gosh, I had somebody who joined they tried it for 30 days and like, I didn't become a millionaire. And I'm like, Okay, awesome. Like, that's why it's a longer program than 30 days. Right? Is it you kind of you're gonna ebb and flow throughout the the thing? I don't know, I don't think I tried to I don't think I set that expectation in a sales pitch. But for some reason, that was their expectation. It happens. Listen,

[20:33] Cheryl Phan: if everyone could become a millionaire in 30 days, everybody would be a millionaire.

[21:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gosh, I know. Right? It'd be crazy. Come on, like. That's awesome. All right, well, hey, as of right now, it's just you on here with me. So we got Oh, good. Like we're having a one on one call, which is great. So let's dive into this. Tell me what you got going on. And then I'll go through some of maybe some of the people who posted posted in the group as well. Okay.

[30:16] Cheryl Phan: I'm in the process of putting together my Black Friday special. And what I'm doing is I'm sending out an offer for joining my empowering women's group, which is normally $47 a month and offering it for $4.99 for the first month, and then it's our reoccurring payment after that.

[35:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah. That if you find now here's the thing, if you have you done that often that type of sale, because he

[38:53] Cheryl Phan: I didn't last year, when I stopped doing this, I was doing like a free like, first month free. And when I found people who sign up, then they wouldn't come into the group. I have

[41:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: not a big fan of first month free we we did, like with Rick pinos worship coach, we did $1 trial. And we found that that dollar helped eliminate a lot of those people. But basically, about 33% of them would quit, but 66% stayed on, which was cool. So those numbers were great. We were like, Okay, here's the numbers here. If that's that much, basically, we immediately make like 20 bucks in a month off of every free trial. And so we were able to optimize the ads where it was costing us like $10 to get a free trial, it was guaranteed doubling his money. At that point, it was super cool. I think we I think we brought in like 1500 people with a deal like that. We just the math added up so perfectly where it was like the amount of free trials. Basically, UK is giving this free trial away, it's costing him 10 bucks, but he makes back 20 on the back end. So he's making 10 bucks. And then they stayed for at least like six months. So he was able to turn like 10 bucks into 100 around there, off of that. But things got a lot better when we started doing higher level programs, raising the price and things like that, as well. It was a more religious market. So that had a big factor I think to do with the profit margins. The fact that we were able to make it that profitable is honestly a miracle. That's why I use it as such. Because it's like well, it was it was probably it was harder than 99% of most people's offers to actually make it work. So all right things

[65:51] Cheryl Phan: trial and error. You know, my goal was just to get them into the 49 $47 month and then while they're in there I can start pitching my my goal was great wait I don't see myself on the screen. I don't want to happen here. Can you see me? Yeah, I see you. Oh, all right.

[70:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see you it might be your you might have a speaker mode on immersive mode. Oh no immersive mode is different. But Alright. Looks like we're live in the in the Facebook group now which is good. So for some reason Facebook's streaming for my for the group isn't working. So I'm using restream that's why I like having multiple tools because I can there's always an option if one doesn't work. There's always options. You know, it's funny, I don't see it in the group but it says that it's streaming says it says The group anyways, says there's some copy that we wanted to look over. Is there some stuff for that that we wanted to review?

[82:38] Cheryl Phan: I'm still working on it. I'll send it over your way. I'm not doing any video with them just doing image ads. Okay? Yeah, maybe I'll start throwing up in the group. Take a look at and see what you think. I'm only spending like 150 bucks. By the way, I'm going to try it out for $150. But I'm only going to promote it for like three days. So it's like, what, like $50 a day or something like that.

[89:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, I'm doing a promotion for Black Friday. And what I like to do is like a bundle of a bunch of the different free events that I had done throughout the year for like five bucks. So that's, that's something so. So you don't have any any copy or anything to review right now it doesn't look like

[94:50] Cheryl Phan: you know, but can I ask you a quick question? Yeah, what's up? So I'm thinking about reading up on some stuff and taking my videos, and then cutting them down into short form videos, I'm looking for an app like an AI software app that takes long form videos is licensed into clips. You know, they use that for like social media. Have you ever you ever suggest to certain one, and then putting them down into short form videos, I'm looking for an app. You're going, sorry,

[103:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: just a sec. There we go. Your voice is like repeating. I have not actually used one. I have somebody that I hire that does that. I've seen though there's one it's called V EAD, that I Oh, that I know some people really like. I think captions might also do that. So v.io has a feature that can break it down into different things like that. Actually, let's go on Twitter and look, because Twitter's a great resource to be able to find answers like this AI video app. Let's see. short form video. Let's see what comes up. Great video short form videos licky. not heard of flicky? Let's see. Video Creation 10 times simpler with AI. Okay, so that might be one. But that might be creating short form videos. Let's see. Edit long form podcast too. Podcast into shorts. Here we go. solid recommendation. That's for somebody look, oh, Opus clip. That was what somebody was talking about the other day on one of our calls. So I knew I knew Twitter would actually help us find Twitter, by the way is becoming because of what Elon is doing with like AI and stuff. The search feature is becoming really intuitive to find answers. So and then from real people versus an AI answering. And I think that's how he's trying to integrate his little like chat, GBT competitor to is to be able to, like really get true answers quickly to questions like what you just asked. So here we go. We'll actually literally just found the answer to your question by looking up on Twitter, Opus clip, one long clip 10 Viral clips. I think I might try to play around with this here, because I've heard it from three or four different people, and even helps rank like how good it is. It gives you ideas. This would be one to check out. For sure. Yeah,

[141:11] Cheryl Phan: I'm just like, it's like kick some of my longer videos, clip them down. So I can just not have to keep coming up with new content all the time.

[143:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, for sure. You know, and when it comes to when it comes to like coming up with new content, I find the more specific we get with our target client. That's what the topic of the five minute content creation class that I just finished is there six lessons in it. And I think it's really intuitive to how to take less time to come up with content is really, it's diving deeper into what our target client that's converting really cares about the most. So like for content. And when I come up, quote, unquote, come up with new content. I'm focusing more on like a long form piece of content that becomes other content throughout the week. But the topic of it comes from what do the people that are coming to me what's going to help them the most get results? So yeah, it looks like it's like it can be a little bit pricey. Their model is a little bit pricey, but if it works, it's actually it's cheaper than hiring somebody technically. So when you

[158:58] Cheryl Phan: hire somebody, you just give them the video and then they do this for you.

[159:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Ah, that's the other thing too. And this is cool. This is interesting. It says it's powered by open AI. So it looks like their engine is probably analyzing your transcript and finding the best clips. I'm gonna play around with this because I think that this might be the answer to even an issue that I was looking up as to how to have better clips myself, because some of my clips that the person I have the edits aren't perfect. I'm okay with that. But I think they could be improved if we use AI to maybe identify better, better hooks. So Opus clip seems pretty interesting. Okay, awesome. All right. So anyways, this is our live copywriting call here. Sherry, what's up? Sherry, I saw that you came on here. Tell me a little bit about what's going on? Yeah, I have a link here. Tell me what I'm looking at. You're

[172:13] Cheri Toledo: looking at my landing page for webinar for the 18th.

[174:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, awesome. Create a six figure online course from scratch. Um, you may drop the term this right here, because it's calling all life coaches. Yeah. And maybe like people calling people who want to create their first course, or coaches who want to add to their existing programs. And instead of just like, it's just for these life coaches, because you may turn off a whole segment of people that I know might benefit from connecting with you, as far as that goes. Okay, unless that's your desire to do that. The problem is, you're talking about creating a course. And we're talking about coaches who want to create courses. Yeah, that's a sub niche of a sub niche. That's a little bit different. So tell me a little bit about who you're trying to reach here. I think that's one of our first Christian life coaches. You're so you're looking for people who are already established as life coaches. Yeah. Okay. And they, okay, so that's fine. ever wanting to segment out anybody who is not a life coach already, then that's fine. Um, your lead cost will go up significantly because of that. So just understand that.

[196:35] Cheri Toledo: So you're saying, can you repeat again, what you said to change that to make it broader just coaches looking for?

[198:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, it's basically it's somebody who wants to create a course, if you're a kingdom entrepreneur who wants to start a business, create a course, or you're a coach, or you're a kingdom life coach who wants to add to your existing programs? And so that opens it up a little bit more. Okay? Versus if it's like, okay, you're essentially saying this. People make snap decisions when they see a landing page? Oh, I'm not a kingdom life coaches and information. Gotcha. So now, they're not going to read anything that's on here. Which is okay, if that's your goal is to completely eliminate anybody who is not an established Christian life coach already, who already has clients already has a business, things like that, and for wanting to have more go into turning their passion into a profit, yeah, then we would want to open it up just a little bit on there. So that's, you know, that's, that's a little bit of a nuance there. Yeah. And that'll bring your ads cost down. Because you're opening it up a little more the the caveat to that, as some of those people may not be your target customer that are coming to you. And you'll kind of learn who is actually really showing up and learning who's showing up and then who's buying from you is an important thing to do. For sure. You know, here's a very interesting example, I've analyzed the last 18 months of my business. And I found that anytime that I went towards people who are established as coaches, at least for me in this program, they all 80% of them, are no longer with us. Whereas people who are starting out and wanting to kind of create an income and are willing to learn that process, 80% of those people are still part of this program. Okay, so it's so it's interesting is that if you find people that are established, you got to really focus in on high ticket, sell something that's at least five to 10,000 minimum, I think, is more the case, and you're gonna go more more price and lower volume as far as that goes. And that's kind of the decision that I that I've looked at as far as in this niche is that if I'm going to go with more established coaches, this $166 a month program is not a good fit for what they're actually looking for. So just part of my value ladder that I'm starting to, so like I'm sharing that out with you is to understand that is where if you're struggling with that people show up. Especially if you're feeling like, Am I qualified to talk with this group of people?

[243:16] Cheri Toledo: Oh, I am on this. And you'll see because I've been doing this all this all century.

[244:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, that's my area. Yeah, totally. And I love how you've like, I, you really grabbed on to what I was trying to share with you is like, you have expertise. It just might not look like you know? Yeah. This like a Elon Musk level? Yeah.

[251:18] Cheri Toledo: Shift. So I made sure to include this because I was kind of downplaying his part. But this is like my zone of genius, because I really have been Oh, man for it. Yeah. And when you did yours, I'm like, Okay, if you, this is what you got your best result in?

[256:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did, I gotta love it. So it should look. And I'm realizing I got my I got a lesser result leaning into like, growing as a mentor. Yeah, but more of a result from leaning into creating a course. And so I'm finding, okay, here's the like, I guess the nuance of even my own business. Again, I would do better to focus in on a high ticket program, I think for the more established mentors. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. You know, versus versus this one that which I think is which is more getting your, your wheels turning type of result? Yeah. Out of it's funny, just a little bit of background to out of that group of like, the more established mentors, I got a lot of them sent me like, paragraphs of like, you know, Jeremiah, your programs, just a big waste of time for me. You know, I'm, I didn't get any value out of it. And, and quite frankly, you misled me to think it was helpful for me. And so I was like, Okay, well, that's interesting. I personally disagree with their their assessment. But that's that. That shows me that, like, if I got a lot of that out of that group, and I don't get that from another group, let's focus in on more than ones that really are resonating. Yeah. Yes. Awesome. I mean, that's the thing, you're not going to please everybody either, so. But I think so from your sales copy, that's gonna be your first thing. If I'm breaking down top to bottom here. Yeah, this is the initial snap judgment point that people make with sales copy. They're judging you off of everything else that's on this page. That was right here. Okay, so I like this, let's just change this up a little bit. This, okay. Um, this is great. And maybe add coach, or course creator, that was one thing that I did coach or course creator, to or kind of defines them as somebody who creates a course. And then you're helping them understand that coaching as a as an element to that one thing, okay, you got your face right here. I would not put the opt in form up here. I would put it further down online. Well,

[292:39] Cheri Toledo: I was looking at what you had done, and I was trying to make it. I even called Aweber. And they don't have the ability to bookmark. And so I can take that out. But I just was trying to do because you have you know, that

[297:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is really cool that you built this on Aweber. Yeah, this looks really good. What's her name? Her name is Sherry McGarvey and the group she was building in Aweber as well. This is a great example of like, I'm impressed by this landing page. Oh, looks really good. And so again, yeah, that's really cool that Aweber is including these functionalities in there. If that's the case, then maybe leave this how it is that's okay. Okay, I would remove all these details though. Okay. And just have it kind of scroll down to where like if they want to join they can do that. I would put a call to action though above that says like, you know, join us now. Get registered right here. I think that's that's okay. The rest of this though is really good. That way you have a structured you got the testimonies. You got how they'll feel things like that. Maybe add one more photo over here somewhere. Possibly. Hey, let's look at just what you have here on the copy. So the way that I analyzed copy for those of you that are like what the heck is he doing? Why is he just bouncing back and forth all over the place, how my brain really analyzes sales copy, as I start from the top. And what I do is when I'm reviewing sales copy, and this is an example for all of you, that you can do yourself, because I want you to not just rely on me to have to even do this for you, I want you to be able to do this yourself. As I start at the top, that's the initial snap judgment, and then I skim the page. So that's my next phase of analyzing a sales letter is I skim the page itself. And I look for anything that's kind of a sticking point. So now we've solved that and now I go back to the top and I start to break down section by section. Gotcha. So I had somebody told me that like, Jeremiah, the way you look at sales letters is just like all over the place. I don't even understand how, why you do that. And I was like, Well, let me explain. There's actually a methodology to it. It's actually a structure as to why I analyze a sales letter that way. Because what I'm doing is I'm putting myself in the mindset of the target client, they are always gonna make a snap decision at what the top part of your landing page says. Then nine times out of 10, they're gonna skim your whole page and not really read the whole thing. Yeah. And then if they like what they see, they're going to start to break down section by section. And that seems to be the behavior of even most people how they read landing pages. So that's how I analyze somebody's sales copy. Perfect. Um

[344:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this part right here, I liked this

[346:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to try something here real quick, though.

[350:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Make it a bit more direct. Okay, that's not what we want. Let me turn off my customer instructions, because I had it doing a whole bunch of No,

[353:32] Cheri Toledo: do that.

[354:15] Speaker 0: Like, that's

[354:56] Cheri Toledo: when I'm working with clients, it's like, oh, shoot, that's me. Yeah.

[357:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You might. So that's so you might be hitting a wall with your online course, maybe you have incredible talent, but you're not quite reaching the type of people can be frustrating, isn't it. And this is how I would even maybe dictate it out is to write it that way. The opening is, instead of like my educated guess, as I would go into assumption. And I think that that's, that's one of the powerful things when it comes to sales copy, is when we actually assume that we're talking to the right person, once they once were going through it, instead of it's like my educated guess, is actually make that assumption that that is what they're struggling. Okay. And so, and that helps qualify it even better. is like, you know, Does this sound familiar, you're, you know, you're overwhelmed with the whole process, you're hitting a brick wall, you know that you have an amazing gift, you see your potential. But despite all your efforts, it's not working. Does that sound familiar? If so, I totally get it, it can be completely frustrating to figure out which method to follow which path to take. And it can be extremely expensive to do trial and error. But it doesn't have to be that way. I'm gonna help walk you through this process. So that's how I would even rewrite this. A lot of what you actually have here in your copy is good, but I would reframe it to be a little bit more assuming that you're talking to somebody who has that issue. Versus like, starting at a little bit more, I guess you could say proper, that's a little bit more how you would communicate with somebody one on one, okay, versus in sales copy. And that's just as a slight nuance to the sales copy that I think will benefit is to kind of assume that we're talking to the right person versus Okay, so I want to show you shortcut your learning curve. This is great. This is all good. This is powerful. But I want to I want to rewrite this for you a little bit. Because I want you I want to rewrite the it's funny. You guys are seeing how I use chat GBT often I want to rewrite this in a way that stands more powerfully and really exemplifies my expertise as someone who might be skimming this text. A see. So again, I'm not going to use what they have here. I'm gonna go lean back more into what you wrote here because it's actually your copy is closer to what I would use them which at GPT is actually giving me but yeah, GPT is giving me A little bit of a better perspective to how to structure the sentences. For the last century, I've spent almost all of my time helping hundreds of people create dynamic, and engaging online courses. My career has been supporting Christian life coaches, helping them use courses to build a business that aligns with their calling and assignment that God's called them to. And so being a little bit more direct on that, that I've been doing this and said, I've been doing this online thing all century helping hundreds, say, for the last century, I've been helping hundreds of people create dynamic and engaging courses. And I think that that's a powerful state. So helps you kind of it helps reframe this a little bit more powerfully. As far as that goes.

[413:18] Cheri Toledo: It it sounds like so long, but it's like 20 years.

[414:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, Oh, yeah.

[415:34] Cheri Toledo: All century?

[415:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you could say the last two decades. Yeah, the last two and a half decades. I feel like that's a little bit more tangible. When you say all century, it kind of gives me like, I have to like look at the thing of the math on that. So that's one thing that help people to where they don't have to do math. And that's what I say as well. And I think that's so cool. Like, I think back to I love just like, like how you have really grown in this conversation. Because, you know, three weeks ago, we were talking about this, you're like, you know, am I qualified in this area? And I'm like, I think you are I just think you got to frame it in a way that fits you. Done. So, you know, saying, you know, I've made six figures course we're not gonna lie to people. That's not, that's not ethical, but you have a qualification that they want and something that is tangible that you can sell to people. So this is great. This is awesome. And then that's then then that's where to one thing that you may want to lean into a little bit more. Is I don't see anything here that talks about the income necessarily of this. I'm talking about their potential income.

[435:13] Cheri Toledo: Yeah, I did down below six, six. You don't have to take all centered learn it like I did. Compress time six figure where the online course. Some maybe highlight that.

[439:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe highlight it towards the top more. Okay. Yeah. Highlight it more towards the top is the fact that like, this is a path. Okay. Yeah. So you mentioned that right here. Yeah. So highlighting it towards the top that you can create something that you can sell for six figures, and be successful. Now, you might get one or two people on and off. Sherry, have you ever made six figures? So what makes you think you can help anybody? Yeah. Anybody who says that to you isn't worth your time. And they're just there. They're just mad. My mom calls it. She calls it the petty woman society, because it's seems to be I guess there's men that also do it too. And it's a nauseating, but it's just when somebody like says that to you. It's just like, there's something else they're trying to get at. And so like, sometimes I've even said to people directly, listen, it sounds like, you know, you're not really connecting with what I'm talking about here. And so I'd love to help you. But or, or if they're getting nasty like that, just remove them from your call. It's one of those. It's one of those areas like I've had to really own oh, gosh, I had a guy do it to a month ago, I one of my live trainings, he was like, you know, you say you've managed 11 million and ads, but what's the real number on like, what you've produced from that? Oh, it's probably been multiple times that in sales, you know, so I'm caught up by that.

[465:15] Cheri Toledo: That picture right there was from the picture you created that you said,

[467:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I did you picture yeah. And you adjusted it.

[468:18] Cheri Toledo: And it even put the name of my so created coach Academy is the name of my business. Super cool. So I know isn't that fun?

[470:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is it makes it makes creating ads. I'm telling you right now is the easiest time ever to create, like ad campaigns. Because of these AI tools. We just got to have an offer that people really love that delivers something that they really want to learn. Yeah, that's the secret. So So yeah, I lean a little bit more into the fact that like that you're creating something that can generate six figures for you. Some of that's just that's a business not just something that is As you know, you're called to do this, but you also, I believe, are called to create an income with your information. And you can even share that with people. Right? Because you want to resonate with people that are that feel what I found in this market, the Christian kingdom coaching market, a lot of them are like, I don't want to make money, I just want to teach people. Yeah, and those people are never gonna buy your program on the back end. So if we can qualify them out of even showing up. That's, that'll be really helpful for you. And so I found that by actually talking about the financial possibilities, it turns off the people that are I don't want to make any money type people. Gotcha.

[492:09] Cheri Toledo: So

[493:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: another C acquire tools and primitive methodology. Yep, profitable. I don't even highlight like the word profitable. Make it kind of stand out. That this is good, though. I'm really am excited to see how it goes for

[499:59] Cheri Toledo: you. Thanks. Yeah. No, I have to dive into ADS. Oh,

[501:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So when you do that, too, here's something I'll ask you. I realized it was super helpful, a little bit of like, what Sue is doing at any stage where you feel you're stuck with the ads? Yeah, tag me make a post something be like, Hey, I'm getting stuck on this. I'm finding that I want to be able to help this group to where like, ads is not a big issue. I got the three different courses. But I mean, gosh, I've been doing ads for a long time. It's like I'm I, the more I know about where you get stuck with ads, the better I can help you and this group, not let ads be this like mountain of an issue. Oh, yeah. Like, and that's my goal with this with this whole program in this group is to get it to where it's like these issues, these are not an issue where you guys feel as competent as I do at putting this stuff out there. Because if you can feel as confident as I do about launching your offers and testing out and you got the cash flow coming in. I mean, that's life changing right there. Yeah.

[518:45] Cheri Toledo: So all right, so I'm just processing. So they click. I'm in they click that. And it goes to that second page, which is the the VIP offer. It

[523:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: looks like it took me here. So it doesn't look like the thank you pages set up. Okay.

[525:28] Cheri Toledo: Yeah, I don't think I have it set up yet. Okay. because I hadn't I hadn't gone live with the second page yet.

[528:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: No worries. Okay, so

[528:51] Cheri Toledo: my question, is the form that you have them fill out on your landing page? Is that the Thinkific form? Or is that

[531:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's jot form. It's a form that you can embed on there. Having it be a button that goes to think if it will be helpful. This is the one downside I would see of using Aweber for all your pages, is some of their limitations. So they don't have a feature where you can create a button.

[536:59] Cheri Toledo: Yeah, they do. Oh, yeah, that's what that is.

[538:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you can create just a button that goes to a page. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I can. Okay. Okay, then yeah, then you can create a button that opens up a new window that goes to Thinkific, where they can sign up for that VIP. That's the simplest way to do it. Okay. Otherwise, if you want to embed a form, there's kind of the the form code thing that you got to embed from Java or the

[544:15] Cheri Toledo: other. Yeah, and the other thing that okay, so think if ik I mean I don't have them. I can create a button that is an E commerce button. And in a Weber Oh, cool. And that I have that. That's on the landing page on the second page.

[550:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. When you make that show me show me it send it over. I've got it. Okay.

[551:56] Cheri Toledo: Page two chat it's, it's raw, so

[554:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, that's fine. Okay. Oh, is this a commerce button? Yeah. Oh, it opens us up that can power. That's cool. Awesome. Okay, but when they pay for it, is it how does it give them access to what they paid for?

[558:46] Cheri Toledo: I have no idea.

[559:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where you might that's where that's where If they have an integration to think if IK or you might have to use Zapier to help do that. That's where I use Zapier for. Yeah. But again, if you're using jot form to think give it to Zapier, that can get a little bit expensive. So that's why having a Thinkific link to a button, so that could be the thing is down to where it is links. Yeah, links to think effect. Yeah. Okay.

[566:38] Cheri Toledo: So if this goes. So what I'm thinking you're doing is you're creating a course into giving for each one of your webinars. Yes. Okay. That's what I thought. And I can put the PDFs in there I can. That's a new course,

[570:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a new course for each VIP. Gotcha. So I have like, a million VIP courses in there. That's actually one of the reasons why I like think if ik, yeah, Kajabi limits you to how many courses you can have. I

[574:23] Cheri Toledo: know think if it gets my go to. And so that's actually

[575:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: was one of the interesting limitations we ran into with this model with Kajabi. With it's like, it's such a great platform that does everything. I'm I'm a fan of it. But it's I think their limitation on like, how many courses you can have is silly. I'm just like, Okay, so at that stage, what we ended up doing is we started like reusing certain courses. Yeah. And we, we so we created the bonuses as their own course. And we would sell you can create an unlimited amount of what they call offers in Kajabi. I was just thinking back to that side of Kajabi. It's a little bit different nuance, how are you going to go about it? But so

[586:17] Cheri Toledo: now the link that says, No, thanks, I don't want the VIP where does that

[587:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: go? So that goes to so what I have is a welcome page. Okay, let's just go. Let's just go through right right here, this webinar right here. If you opt in. And here's the here's the hilarious part, I had to explain this to my VA, who helped me put this together. So I have this, this is a jot form, this is a form that's embedded here. Once they pay on that it gives them access, it creates an account and think if IK and does all of that, that's a little bit pricier to do that. But I like the ease of being able to do that. If they click No thanks, it goes to a page that welcomes them to being registered to the event. So this page, right here is this welcome page. And it tells them to add the link to their calendar to jump into the Facebook group. Here's some things I put together. So these pre trainings like I've recorded are, I'll do like, and it's funny, I, I create new pre trainings for each one, I'll sit down and I'll basically take the questions and I'll have chat GPT I'll say generate me like 20 ideas that would be helpful trainings. Now, I basically just kind of reteach the same pre training that I did from the last time but a lot of people have found value in some of these, which is cool. So

[609:18] Cheri Toledo: so if I say yes to the to the VIP, where does that take me?

[610:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I have is I have a different page that is identical to this page in almost every way. It's basically copy and paste of this exact page, but the difference is it has a VIP link underneath this part right here. So it's a different URL. If we're looking up that URL, let me know. We'll find it the structure of this is and these are all really great questions that you're asking here Oh that's funny. I don't have it on my homepage Um, okay, so I got us log into Squarespace log in again oh, you know, that's because I'm in Firefox. Me I know

[626:08] Cheri Toledo: browsers are

[627:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah you know it's funny it's because otter doesn't work in anything but Firefox for me Oh wow. So I I only use otter for like Firefox and some AI or for a Firefox for otter

[633:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: where space login to Google

[637:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: easy now I'm in the back end of Squarespace case well we have for our pay Aegis is for any event that I do, I have four pages that we create. Look at, there's four pages, they all say the date four pages, they all say the date. So we've systematize this now where we just duplicate these four pages each time and then edit them. Gotcha. So this is going to be my landing page, this would be the VIP Upgrade page. Now, this is my welcome page that they get to if they didn't have the VIP. So that's when they clicked and I, this is the welcome page, if they do have the VIP, it's a different link looks exactly the same. But it has the VIP

[649:57] Cheri Toledo: zoom here, okay, link to the VIP

[650:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: zoom. And then some of the FA Q's are slightly different. Because on the welcome one, the FA Q's are recommending they upgrade to the VIP if they don't have it. So that's the only difference. And I replaced this line where it's recommending them with the actual VIP link itself on this version. So that's the difference. It's the same basically welcome, thank you page. It's a different URL and this URL, I usually make it something that's a little bit harder for people to guess.

[659:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whereas the normal welcome page is basically the same every time. So I'll constantly change like the order of the text here. Sometimes I'll do something like V and Oh 11 Well, you know, or something like that. I don't want to change it, or I'm gonna break my funnel. And then this little last thing, this is from a site called Add Event. Yeah, I found that this helps my show up, right, a lot was

[667:12] Cheri Toledo: adding this feature. I know, it's just a little pricey. Yeah,

[668:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is. But it's I honestly, my show up rate shot up. I'm like it's worth it. Okay, so again, I'm finding these tools are super helpful as far as some of that goes.

[673:16] Cheri Toledo: And I look at the the welcome VIP again. Yeah, welcome

[674:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: VIP is exactly the same, right. Except for the fact that it has the Zoom link for the VIP call. Okay. And then it tells them they can access the bonuses right there. So all right. Yeah. Thank you. Right. Yeah. Perfect. Jennifer Knight, what's up, Jennifer, how are you?

[679:29] Speaker 3: Good. So this is a sales page for a free webinar that is to hopefully promote my course on how to build a website. And I've run ads for I'm on the second day. And I've had 32 clicks and 13 landing page views and no signups. Okay.

[686:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not surprised. It's very confusing. Okay. Yeah. Because you got this VIP deal here. You got registered for free. So is it free? Or is it paid? So now you got me confused? Okay. Is it? It kind of looks? Boring? I don't see. I don't see your face on here anywhere?

[691:57] Speaker 3: It's at the bottom where it should be?

[692:57] Speaker 0: No, I don't see it. Oh, my gosh, where

[693:24] Speaker 3: did it go? It was on there.

[694:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So there's that. There is,

[695:55] Speaker 3: it might actually be on the other page for the class. That's why.

[697:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so a lot of the copy. We need to get a little bit more specific here for like what we're offer really is transform your online vision into a reality. Let's talk about what is that online vision they have, we want to make that tangible in your copy. This exclusive event for individuals want to create their own space online, let's actually get very specific as to what create their own space online means. So this is something that I'll do when I'm auditing copy, as I'll look at, there's certain words where the words create your own online space online could mean 100 different things. Yes. I mean, so we want to get get more specific as to what you mean by that. And, and, and, specifically, who do you help the most, and what their goals are as far as that goes. So if you're committed to launching a book and writing a blog, starting a podcast, okay, so now here's the issue right here. That sounds like a lot of work. So automatically, I'm turned off to Okay, talking about because we're talking about the process. It's a lot of work, and I don't want to work that hard. So now Yeah, nobody's gonna register for this. And that's that but like, that's the that's the thinking of people. I don't mean that at all. Like that. That's, that's what we're what we're putting ourselves into the scrutiny that people when they land on this page for and now, I get even more confused as we're talking about creating a dream website, whereas we were talking about creating podcasts. And so we got to get a little bit more on the specific side as to, I

[725:19] Speaker 3: guess what I'm trying to say is that it's your website. But from there, you can build a blog, or showcase your podcast and all that from your website. So really,

[728:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: though, what we're talking about is how to establish themselves as a trusted authority in their space. How to establish their brand, and establish their digital identity, how to become somebody that people say, Hey, this is something I need to listen to. Right? And what that now that's where there's a little bit of like, some coaching here at challenges, as as soon as I say that it challenges in you, well, am I somebody that feels that way about myself? You know, and it's like, you are establishing yourself that way. But your methodologies, that's really what you're helping them do is establish their authority with their message with their community, when I

[740:51] Speaker 3: was in an author class, everybody in the class said, How do I build a website. So I built a course on how to build a website.

[743:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what's crazy about that, you might run a web, you might think about running a webinar, to authors for how to create how to create the best one page site to get your book read by people. Okay, so like, now we niched down into a very specific type of person. And that went on the train of thought of exactly where you came up with this idea from. So what ends up happening is we you actually had a great idea right there. And then we made it too generic. We made it too general and too wide ranging, whereas that first idea you had actually was very instinctual, intuitive, and really aligned with in the in the marketplace. Mm hmm. Okay. So that's what I would say go, let's go back to the drawing board a little bit in this, I think the niche of authors who want to get a simple page up, they don't want to deal with the tech, let's lean into that, right? Your Genius is writing, you shouldn't have to worry about how do you show up online? And you start to like, honor that place that they have of being an author being? And so how do you make this very simple so that people know who you are? And you get more readers in your book? Because really, that's what it is, as we want to think about authors. What's that? Why do they want a website, we got to extrapolate that out into their dreams, goals and desires, they want more readers, they want a bigger community, they want to have more influence, they want to have more impact, they want to establish themselves as an authority on their target topic. Right? So a website is one piece of that, that we can help them with. And I'll say this, you know, when I first my first course that I sold was website building. And I actually sold a lot of it, I actually did really good with it, I sold it for like 600 bucks. Because of how I framed it. I framed it as this is very simple, easy. If you don't have technology, this is going to be the answer to actually reaching people that you're wanting to reach. Right? And so being able to kind of frame it that way. And I remember one of the ways that I pitched it, I said, Hey, listen, do you want to get established with your brand business or book but you're like, gosh, this internet thing is so hard, doesn't have to be that way. I'm gonna make it so simple for you. If you know how to use Microsoft Word, you can have tons of customers and clients coming into your business. So I connected the fact of simplicity to their dream, right? This was like six years ago, or five years ago. That was the first course that I made when I stopped working with my mom. The Facebook ads course came after that. Yes.

[785:51] Speaker 3: On our Facebook group page, I put my sales page to the actual course will actually you can see it at the top if you click Course. I'm right there. So I didn't know if cool

[792:00] Speaker 3: is that is the price adequate?

[792:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Three. No, I'm a little I was a little okay. So it says this says courses but it's just one course. Well,

[794:15] Speaker 3: cuz there's hopefully it'll be one.

[795:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was thinking I would just say course for now. Okay. And you might have a drop down free course. paid course. Okay. And because the free course is the webinar, you're doing, correct, you know. So this is actually good. I would lean more into even what you got right here on your webinar page. You actually have some Yeah, some of this copy you have here connects better than what you had over there. Gotcha. Yeah. So actually borrowing from more of this copy a little bit on your free training is going to be really beneficial for you. But then framing it around what's that goal and who it's for. The other thing, too, is you may, if we want to focus in on authors, we may want to tweak and adjust this copy to be geared towards authors. Just an example of that, as we say, rewrite the following copy, specifically for authors. And then to see what chat GPT kind of creates and rewrites for authors, you're looking to establish your author platform discover. You know, where do I start a decade ago, I created my own online platform to reach readers. Hey, let's let's change this up a little bit. For authors. In a in a conversational informal tone that authors will resonate with.

[819:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is another thing too, when I'm looking at some of your copy here, the idea of establishing an online presence is a little bit vague, we want to get specific as to what that presence looks like. itching to carve out your own place on the internet, again, carving out their own place on the internet is less appealing than getting a hole but connecting with a bunch of readers of their book. Right, you know, and that's really the goal that we're leading them to with with your websites. All right. So hopefully that gives you a few ideas to go on. It does. Cool. Thank you. Yeah, definitely. And it's the number one area I have no doubt your course and training is incredible. Your methodology is great. What you are offering is great and useful. We got to frame it in a way that the target client gets excited about Yeah, as far as that goes, you know gosh, again dating is such a great example of this let's let's put it this way let's be real as a male dating women like men i We're we're really into this the physical side of things as far as that goes no guy is gonna get a woman into that by saying hey out Let's Get Physical right? You got to lead with you know getting to know her and making her feel you know, like and getting married if you're somebody who has that standard like you got to go the long haul it's the same way with writing sales copy we got to be willing to really bait the hook with what the target client wants not just what's what our goal is I mean, you know, I'd be lying to say like that wasn't a big part of my goal of wanting to get married was like that wasn't like when I told her I lead with dating Abigail was just so the same way with writing copy I know it's like it's kind of like tongue in cheek but it's like it's actually very relevant to writing sales copy we're really are dating and courting and leading with something that people want and then we think of it from this perspective, you have such a limited time to build that trust and interest and so it's got to be what they have been praying for hoping for searching for. Versus them needing to kind of like unpack Okay, is this what I'm looking for? And always say do you want to need to create an online presence? I gotta unpack that a little bit to figure out okay, what does she mean by that versus let's get a little bit more specific and now that that's going to help make the connection better All right. Thank you looks like zoom is about to crash on me

[871:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, what's up everybody my Zoom crashed Can you hear me awesome yeah, no my it just like it just said zoom was about to crash on you and it just shut down. So all right. Ah, oh, goodness. Let me let me take down the other version of Jeremiah that doesn't exist anymore. There we go. All right. That's how technology gets funky. Let me look in the chat. Who else has Copy on here. Right now, there were some people in the Facebook group Sunil or Brett, if you got copy, we can go over that. Otherwise I can skip or Michelle, I can. I want to talk with the people who are on here live first. And if you don't have copy to review, we can skip over to who posted just

[885:11] Cheryl Phan: went over Jeremiah, I put our ad up and just a quick copy if you want to take a look at it. Where's it?

[887:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me check it out. Perfect.

[888:24] Cheryl Phan: This is great. It's just one of my ads. I got three but I didn't want to overwhelm you with all three of them. No,

[889:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's fine. This is this is great. For Black Friday, for sure. Let me see Black Friday deal. I would make the text a little bit less text on the ad. Are you a woman over 50 Who wants to thrive in your own business I got you this is gonna this grab the Black Friday deal now. And keep the text like less text I would say on the ad on the on the actual image itself. On the actual ad text itself. Again, I would I would put in big letters at the top Black Friday deal until date, and then I would just put just, you might even put the price just 499 For everything you need to get started without a bunch of tech jargon, or feeling lost in the social media jungle. And then you kind of break down what you got here. I

[904:49] Cheryl Phan: did three ads, one of them said 90% off. The next one said 499. And then the other one didn't have any I wanted to see which one did better. Yeah, test

[907:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: all three of them out. I think it would be great. And see which one maybe gets more more clicks as far as it goes at 499. You could even run the campaign with a purchase conversion if you're able to track those conversions. And that would do that would do well. So but no, I think I think that as far as the Black Friday sale goes, Black Friday sales, I think we can we can over and really overanalyze like what they are, and what the what the deal is and all that with Black Friday and make it way too complicated in our head. Really, I put myself in the position of a customer on Black Friday. Everybody's competing with their own five to $10 deals, you know, I mean, that's, I would say if we're talking about what is the trend and Black Friday this year, is what can I get for under 20 bucks. That's what everyone's thinking right now. I would say even I'm thinking that way. Like, there's stuff that's $40 Right now, I'm waiting to Black Friday, because I think it's gonna be 10 bucks, you know. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna wait a week and I've grabbed like four of these different things. There. I always I would say, I have a confession to make, I probably spend at least $100 on just like video games that I'll never play on Black Friday, because they're always like five to 10 bucks. It's always like, oh, I want to grab that one. That one. So I always that's my Black Friday shopping. And then my wife usually is a lot more expensive with stuff that she found everywhere. So but no, this is something like that. That would be great. As far as like something that's five bucks that makes that connection with them. One thing that you want to make sure of in your Black Friday deal is that you have some sort of like a next step that you're going to have them take after they take the deal. Do you have your landing page link yet?

[936:14] Cheryl Phan: No, actually, there might be eight or are working on all that going. Okay.

[937:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: No worries. Awesome. Yeah. All right. So yeah, so Brett does not have any copy he wants to be reviewed. If Michelle or Sunil has any let me know otherwise. I'm gonna go over here to our Facebook groups. I know a couple people shared their stuff in the group. Let's take a look at Dana Dana Hernandez. She oh well link doesn't work. The length of Dana shared does not seem to be working both of her links aren't working. Interesting. She took it down so under that sorry, Dana. You know what I'll do let me just let me just check real quick if she has next class. Work virtual see. This is one of that's one of the reasons why I put the link on my homepage because then if anybody anybody can find it. You can see I can't not see Dana's class that she had but then it looks like such a great person. If you were looking to do what she's doing. She's really her brand is really starting to establish itself. I mean, she's looking at 6000 classes taught the bit Yo is so amazing I mean gosh if if you're looking to learn that style of exercise and self defense she's she's the one to go to for sure. Love it and really see the confidence in her come out to in the last couple of years really starting to to grow which is amazing. All right, let's see who else is in the group. Here. It looks like Jennifer, you shared yours in the group. So that was we already went over yours. That's great. Ah, Wanda, Wanda shared three days ago. So we'll tag Wanda in here. See Wanda joined a couple of weeks ago Nish is women in tech design a landing page for free calls. We have so far would love your input on the tech still integrating email marketing is aimed at corporate women free calls during their lunchtime. So I actually I looked a little bit at some of what Wanda has here. She's quite as quite as has a great website I love the photographs. I think it really helps establish what she does well. I found this copy really hit like here was really good though. And I didn't find it on your landing page wonder if you found yourself at the wrong end of a company reorganization trying to reorganize orient your career. I found that this was actually really good as far as qualifying people goes now let's take a look at right here. Ready to Live a life with no regrets constantly switching between work and personal responsibilities. Again, I know you're not on here one day so that that would be a question that I would have for you. What time is it right now too? It is 12 So it's about an hour into recording how far into this training? Are we 57 minutes in Okay, so I'll tell Wanda about 5056 minutes and I'm gonna take note of that so I should tell her Wanda 5055 minutes in I went over her stuff. Okay, cool. Um, so this is for yes, you definitely have a track record here. I would space those out a little bit more. Again, like I said at the beginning here, I'm just skimming the page. I start by skimming I start by looking at the top introducing no regrets women and coaching five sessions when in tech coaching

[1010:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: so again, I have no doubt that your methodology is really good I feel like this landing page could be a little bit stronger as far as getting specific as to what that life looks like we talked about unlocking their full potential without sacrificing Joy family or you let's open up a new new window right here and take the following landing page and break down five fictional scenarios that someone who does coaching with Wanda might experience

[1020:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: overcoming imposter syndrome. Software engineer a decade of experience feels like she doesn't truly belong in her role despite experience. She feels like an impostor work life balance tech, founder and mother struggling to manage her time setting professional boundaries navigating a male dominated industry. So again, that describes who the person is. What are the goals and intentions of these five people? Create a few ideas. Goal develop confidence to cheer meetings with assurance to streamline her responsibility. Okay, that's See, this is this is where we were. I was having a conversation with Tammy last week about this is this is great as far as the methodology that Wanda is doing, but it's not necessarily going to be the most tangible as far as advertising as an offer. Create 20 possible ideas for free webinars based on the time a prospect let's see what type of ideas this comes up with. Here's 20 ideas that might appeal this. mindfulness techniques empowerment, balanced tech leader from burnout to balance. So stepping into leadership would be one of them. But that's so vague. Let me let me let me dialogue that's a chat to beauty. Stepping into leadership. And breaking the glass ceiling is still ceiling is too vague. of content to write. Powerful sales copy, act as if you are an expert at sales, copywriting and persuasion. And figure out 20 possible book ideas that might be attractive to the target client above.

[1058:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've never tried that prompt before. Let's see that generates, ditch the doubt have Unshakable Confidence how to set boundaries. productivities Okay, so this is, this is what I was looking for a little bit right here. So as far as one does, methodology goes, it might include all of these topics. But I would create a webinar specifically around how do you have more confidence? How do you set boundaries? How do you manage your time and then when you do that, we take these top ideas. Take these top ideas. If someone goes through these trainings, what might happen in their career, get real tangible, and invent, fabricate some possible future potential scenarios. So gotta give Chad TBT permission to basically fabricate ideas. future scenario used to second guess her decisions. Now it's leading to her way to showcase her work. She's leading in the company, significant, possibly significant pay raise as far as that goes. So a big part of this could have to do with getting a pay raise or getting a VA or going more corporate stepping into that like next level in their career and breaking past any sort of those limitations. And these are the methodologies of being able to do so. So we go back here, living a life of no regrets unlocking your full potential, we're really talking about how to increase your pay in a male dominated tech world.

[1089:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: take on more responsibility. Even if you feel like XYZ, and so your methodology is going to be able to this again, I'm kind of guessing a lot of this because one does not here. But I would lead more with some of that. And again, that's where what I see here on your homepage, actually addresses that a little bit better. You found yourself on the wrong end of company redundancy, trying to reorient your career, it's time to make a bigger change. You want to reinvent your future. This is more what I would lean into a little bit more over here as far as that goes. And then unpacking that more in the copy as far as like, what that looks like, what success looks like? are they wanting to take the path of maybe being a co founder or founder of a startup? are they wanting to gain have more equity in their companies increased? I think increased pay has a big part of this. And it's not necessarily mentioned so much on the page. I think everything that we're reading here, increased pay as a big part of it. But the motivation is we don't want to sacrifice our family happiness or self. Right. We don't want to do things that sacrifice our integrity as far as that goes. And so I think leaning into that as being able to step into that next level, financially, career wise without sacrificing who you are and really saying some of those deeper, deeper issues will be helpful. Sorry, this copy goes all right. Let's see here. There's one other person that in the group I think that shared their sales copy

[1120:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I remember it. I remember the person shared it. And though I think it was in the copywriting post I'm really excited the new version of chat GBT, that they released, I broke down a little bit of how to use the playground version in less than six of the five seconds, five SEC five minute content, blue blueprint, how to use it for ebooks, and allows you to it's basically GPT four with 12 with 120,000 characters now. And it's cheaper than the normal GPT four was with that. So I've been testing it out. On the back end, it can get a little bit pricey, but it's really fun as far as if you're writing an e book. And so I that goes, so I break that down in that lesson. That's one dimension that I'm here. Here we go. Lauren Manders, this is at Lauren Manders, her aquaponics accelerator program, I can't make the call to share the group here. Can't make the call. But I would like you to reveal my review my sales copy. So let me look at what our timestamp on this is we're at one hour and 12 minutes. Time Stamp is one hour and six minutes for long, one hour, six minutes. That way, I can tag her in this video and she could watch it doesn't have to watch through the thing. The other thing that I'm excited about the new updates with chat, GBT, their keynote was really cool. They created this thing called GP T's. And so you're solid I want to do is I'm going to try to take my methodology of writing sales copy, when I would I think I might do is I might take all of our copywriting rewrite calls loaded up as you enter the GPT. And then it will use that as its brain. And then you can ask it questions about your sales copy based off of these calls. I think that that I'd like I just thought of that I'm going to play around with that. Because we have these copyrighting calls and if we take like the last year of them, I mean, if you go through them all, it'd be a little all over the place. But I think for an AI engine, it might be able to train itself off of our methodology because it's gonna find patterns. Really well. All right. See, enrollment is closed during the waiting list. Okay, so one of the things that I'm noticing here, that's an issue is the size of your navigation bar is taking up half the page, right here. So I would try to shrink that down. If I go on mobile, it takes up less right here. We got the waiting list right here. And this is for what you're charging for. Okay. Do you gotta you got your free webinar right here as well, I see this. Again, the this is just Functionality wise, the fact that this is taking up half of it on desktop is kind of throwing me off a little bit. I like this, though. And really, mastering aquaponics again, is more of your methodology. If I'm breaking this down growing fresh vegetables, for your family without chemicals and pesticides, that's really what you're helping them do. My wife literally like just told me the other day, like that's something that she's learning more of, is how to do that. Well, no, my mom, my wife and my mom were because I mean, that's the thing. Gosh, there's such a need for this market and the next five years, Lauren, there might there might not be as much of a need and people don't realize it right now. 510 15 years, I'm telling you, you're not I don't think you're gonna be able to trust Whole Foods for like the actual store Whole Foods for the quality of the food that they're gonna have. We've already noticed that it's here aeration, they've repackaged and it's called greenwashing where they repackage stuff that's supposed to be pesticide free, and they add crap back into it and they don't tell the consumer and so more and more of that trust people want to start to grow their own stuff. But it's it's daunting. I mean, let's let's, let's break down the psychology of this. The idea of growing your own vegetables Lauren, is almost to most people the way that they look at running Facebook ads, like that's how I see it to some people it might seem easy. I'm like, Okay, this is like, like, I'm gonna have to learn how do I make the soil right? It's more than just you know, planting and so you're gonna you're tapping into we got fears, we got worries, we got goals limitations, but really what we're leaning into is they want a better life for their family and I think building a brand or Round. Even having a chemical free, toxic, free home is going to be really helpful. And food is just one aspect of that. And you can start to teach people holistically how to do this in their whole life. So that would be like for your offer stack leaning more into that. The thing is, I don't think your average person even knows what Aquaponics is. For most people, and for me, I thought aquaponics had to deal with growing weed. So that's hydroponics, isn't it? I guess it's the same thing. Aquaponics hydroponics? But like it's more than just growing weed. It's about why is it? Why is it so popular around the weed growing community is because it's one of the best ways to grow high quality food anyways. High quality plants. Okay, so we got mastering the art of self sufficiency, cultivating organic food, even if you don't know, again, this copy is really good right here, I would lean more into that for the title of what you're actually offering. So let's take let's go into chat GPT here and kind of break this down. This is super cool. I love your photos here. This is great. Looks like you got a track record in this your program has some great lessons. This is really cool. I think you could establish yourself. Like let's just take a step back, you can establish yourself as the leading authority in this entire space, I think that there's a huge opportunity for that for you. Okay, instead of calling the program aquaponics accelerator, what is a name that is more tangible and accessible to people based on the following sales copy, generate 20 possible name ideas. So again, like if you're ever like I don't know what to call something, Chad CBT becomes your brainstorming tool. Home harvest, organic home harvest accelerator. Learn about homegrown, homegrown organics. How To Grow Your Own your own organic food homegrown organic made easy. As far as your webinar might go, leaning more into that. That side of it as far as it's easy, it's simple. Because you want to take whatever objection the person has, and reframe it as the as essentially the solution to their objection. So if you're hearing, and by the way, Cheryl, this might apply for you. And even Sherry, if you're hearing from people, and even Jennifer, if you're hearing from people, oh, it's so technical and difficult and hard. leaning into the the what what would be the opposite of that and a solution for them. Something that makes it easy. So using the fact that it's easy and simple to learn, even if there are complex elements of it. Getting them to trust that working with you makes it that much simpler than doing it on their own. And leaning into that in some of your language is going to be really helpful. Okay, so one thing that I do see here with some of the copy again, on this page, there's a lot of there's a lot of text. Let me break it down here. Now I just skimmed it, let's break it down step by step. I like your copy here the beginning. I think trying to explain to them

[1262:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would go into your your info and I would I would possibly ditch this whole part right here, or bring this below your bio. And I might I might rewrite some of this in a relevant tone, rewrite, or no analyze? Who is here? I'm sorry, I'm breaking this up. Who is the target client? That the above is directed towards? How do they talk and communicate? Rewrite the following copy based on the tone of this target client. So the idea is is analyzing who this is for how they communicate and then telling it to rewrite it in their own language. The target client is health conscious environmentally aware they like to communicate and straightforward Promatic clear way

[1278:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: feeling the pinch of skyrocketing grocery bills, worried about what's really in your food It's time to take the reins. Our hands on program is perfect for go getters who are ready to dive into their own scrumptious toxin free grub. That's cool. I like the way that this is even it started to write it a little bit more towards that target client. So the revised copy is breaking it down in more of that conversational, engaging, relatable way for the target client want to be part of the food revolution that's easier than you think, gain insight or know how backed by years of greenthumb experience. And it's not just talk, we walk you through every step from your first lettuce leaf to full blown feast. I'm getting a visual even from that language right there. Versus it's time to accelerate your journey. It's designed for people who are serious with rising food costs all of this again, it sort of helped rewrite some of that in a way that I think is more accessible to people and reads a lot cleaner. So one thing that we could do is really take that tone. And rewrite this whole sales letter in that town and see what it gives us. Then you rewrite the following sales letter in the sensible tone mentioned above. It actually let me let me congratulate it. That tone and copy rewrite was really good. Really good. Let's take it a step further. Can you rewrite the following sales letter in that so I'm finding that when talking with chat GPT the more you congratulate it for what it did well and point to how you want it to do it more. It gets clearer on what you want. Have you ever dreamed of picking up breakfast from your own balcony or having plucked herbs from for dinner from your living room, the backyard bistro awaits. Picture this you're sipping your morning coffee wandering through your lush garden. Tomatoes right for the picking herbs in the breeze from zero to garden hero. Let's break it down. This is super cool. I like how some of this rewrite is working. So that's maybe some of the tone that I would take with some of your copy here. Make it a little bit more fun make it more exciting. Make it less scientific than some of the words and I think I think it's going to work better for you so all right. I think that was good. Is there anybody else who's on here live you want to go over anything? Before we before we close anything you want to talk about anything you want to break down? Any questions you have. Maybe that aren't related to coffee but you just want to chat about

[1328:20] Cheri Toledo: it you share that first chat GPT run through that you did for me or

[1330:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: the one I did for you call it up Yeah.

[1330:53] Speaker 0: Yeah

[1332:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had a couple of them.

[1332:39] Cheri Toledo: Yeah, just the first one the bottom one underneath to this online courses think.

[1336:36] Cheri Toledo: Not the one that says expertise. But the one below that.

[1339:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you seeing my screen? Not yet? No. But you're remembering what it was. I am seeing this. Let's write this one.

[1342:05] Cheri Toledo: Yeah, launch your online course.

[1342:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Let me just copy that and then I'll just

[1344:12] Cheri Toledo: Okay, thanks.

[1344:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll just paste it right here for you.

[1345:11] Cheri Toledo: Perfect.

[1346:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. Awesome. Well, no, that was great, though. This is a little bit of a shorter copywriting call. Watching your chat GBT has been helpful. It's finally starting to click with you. That's awesome. That's great. Yeah. There's so much that you can do with it. There's so much that you can unpack with chat GBT and things like that as far as that goes. All right, everybody. I think that's it. I think we're done for today. So there we go. Thank you. Thanks for being on here and we'll talk soon

