CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-05-09T18:11:04.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: Vwx640YW5g1pM7Y3IgzzuNfx47U
---

[0:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ready Ready? Ready

[1:20] Speaker 1: let's go

[2:59] Speaker 0: live copy day

[5:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello hello hello Sue how are you? First one up on here are we doing today is our live copywriting ad rewrite day they go live here in the Facebook group as well. I sue I see on here. Currently you are the only person right now at the top of the hour

[17:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: live in the Facebook group you can't unmute yourself. Oh,

[18:24] Sue McGarvie: oh, there it is. Okay, I got it. I just had to agree to everything.

[19:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you got it. You got to give up. Give up your first firstborn and all that.

[21:24] Sue McGarvie: So how are you Jeremiah?

[21:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing wonderful. Live. Copywriting said in Australia. Zoom. Zum So Mike, just want to grab the poop.

[27:27] Speaker 2: I'm gonna just go turn that off

[29:24] Speaker 0: live on zoom here. Okay, and

[32:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, that should be it. Oh, we're now we're live in the Facebook group for everybody. I'm doing good. How are you? You're really good. In fact,

[35:16] Sue McGarvie: tell me what's the Why Why are you so great? Why

[36:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: am I so great.

[36:52] Sue McGarvie: I got an Iron Maiden. That's not an Iron Maiden shirt. I was all impressed. No,

[38:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not. It's a it's got

[38:47] Sue McGarvie: the same letterhead. Yeah. Okay, Disney's gonna be all impressed with your iron maiden shirt. I'm a child of the

[42:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: delinquent road hazards Linkwood. road hazards don't know what that is. But I Roma is from the movie cars from Disney. Okay,

[44:08] Sue McGarvie: because you're you're off your cruise. And you're. You're still branded? Yeah, that's good. Oh, yeah,

[45:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm we're big fans of Disney. Just the storytelling and all that. Amazing. Well, what about you? How are you doing? You

[48:14] Sue McGarvie: know what? I got married on Saturday.

[48:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: You got married? Yeah,

[49:09] Sue McGarvie: I got married on Saturday. So that was kind of fun. So I'm just I am Wowzers. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It wasn't sure I was gonna do this again. But yeah, it was it was great. So I've just got rid of people who have whole whole lot of family and I am. I'm in a great place I am working on I have massive amounts of Team stuff going on. I have. I have a new course that's coming. We're gamifying like crazy. I have a brilliant guy do working on that. He's just wait to see it gets it's it's something so that's coming up. We're cool.

[59:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is it? What are you building it in?

[60:15] Sue McGarvie: I think he's, I think he's in Thinkific. I haven't seen it yet. So I have this. My job is to do the marketing and the videos. Yeah. I'm doing sort of five videos a day around so I can put them in different spots. And the team cuts them up and does that. So my job and then I'm trying to get them having challenges with the the Patreon Patreon doesn't like my sex ed content at all. So have moved to something called lemons social to see if that works. But my dating stuff is taking off there. So they're okay with it. Um, yeah, so no, it's all good. Generally, things are great. I'm working on copy. I'm gonna you know, let me dig up what I have. And I will post that for you and let you

[71:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, let me let's take a look at it. Let's let's take a look at that. I was thinking about you, like five minutes ago. Okay. And I was like, What would I say to sue? As far as like the sales and marketing side of things goes is just like I think it's just I think the I think the thing is, is that stuff takes longer than we think it should Have to get to gain traction, and then half the time stuff doesn't work. And it's this, like belief that for some, it sells a lot with marketing. Because if you, if you market a program that's like, oh, yeah, it's gonna take you like two years to gain traction, nobody's gonna, like, necessarily sign up for that. And that's, they realize why that is. So like, but at the end of the day, you're doing a lot of the groundwork, that's going to produce something that you can really feel really confident and selling, as well. Um, but it's about and I just saw like an Instagram real while I was while I was sitting. Couple minutes ago, the guy was talking about the fact that like, the human mind needs time to warm up to an idea to do something different. And I thought that was interesting

[94:10] Sue McGarvie: therapy, it's think it's say it do it, right. So once you think it, and then you, you articulate it, and then you shift, you're not going to do it without we

[96:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: gotta, we got to get people's thinking to change in our funnels, that's the first part, then they have to start saying, what they're going to do. And then they take action by joining our programs, which is, which is something that I've always I've found, that's interesting thing could say it, do it. That's even modeled in webinars, and Facebook ads. And all of that is like, getting their thinking to think, Oh, that's my problem, this is what I need. Here's a solution, then immediately, the mind goes into? Well, I don't know if that's gonna work for me, because I tried all this. So immediately the mind second guesses if it's possible. For them, almost everybody, it went, like when we're generating leads and stuff is like, can this work for me? And then? Or will this person be the one that's going to help me it's either, can I do it? Or can this person do it, they're either going to take personal responsibility, if they can do it, or if the person they're hiring can do it for them. As far as this goes, it's one one or the other is going to be kind of thought in that. And so then the belief has to shift that what they're buying into, is going to produce the result that they want. Um, and that's an interesting dynamic right there. Because when we're selling, the belief has to be at an all time high that it's going to produce what they want. And then once they're in the door, especially for coaching or mentoring is sort of the realistic expectations have to be reiterated at that point. Because it's like, you know, I found if you lead with all these, like super hyper realistic expectations, you're talking people out of the sale, or you're taught, we end up talking them out of the thing they want. And so it's like, it's this fine line of like, not pressuring too much, but adding a little bit of pressure to get people to say yes, and then holding their hand through the, the dark stages that are hard and difficult and hurt. And that applies to every coaching business.

[131:07] Sue McGarvie: I remember those early stages where I could not get the pixel done and the Facebook, thinking, This can't be this difficult. And it was this difficult for me.

[133:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Think about your people that you even like in their dating, like, then they don't get married, like the next week. Right? I thought I was gonna get married in a week after meeting Sue. And it's

[137:01] Sue McGarvie: no and you know what, and I tell guys to run when you get that, right, if you're meeting somebody, and they're trying to, you know, meet your parents on the second date, run, run fast and hard, right? It's it's this is the neediness and to try and emphasize that, it's, it's good. It's so I took your advice, I loved your post around go to other people that you're seeing marketing to you, and then reverse engineer it. What's interesting, though, is they're they're not they so you click on it, and then a little say, you know, What's your age group? And they'll have little pictures of Who are your people, and then you have to go through, you know, like, so they're really focused, and then you have to answer each questions along the way gave that pain in the ass because you can't just take their stuff because you've got to actually go through the process as either

[149:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: you've niched down to a specific group I have. So, but then there's like, what are the qualifying factors, I guess, in that there would probably be some sort of a like, type of personality. They're looking forward, depending on who's coming to you. Right.

[154:20] Sue McGarvie: So that is really interesting that that's what's going on. Yeah, it was like the third time I saw a different one. I've been trying to click on people who are marketing to me. And each time that's what they're doing. Yeah, so I thought that was, you know, so I'll send him I'll send it through Facebook. I'll send you the links of a couple of them just so you

[159:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: see that that'd be great. Oh, Um, if you can share it like in the Facebook group,

[160:36] Sue McGarvie: let me let me try you, you say hi to Tiffany, let me just let me try and find you get that. And there and that's, that's

[162:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: such an important thing and having a swipe file of, like I'm building a swipe file right now for a few offers that I'm creating, I'm gonna, I'm gonna fully automate all my all my webinars to I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with the process where like, I pre record, they watch it and I might only leave it up for like, a week or so and then make another one depending on like the data. Right and, and so it's a little bit of a, it's a lot, it's a lot more difficult than doing live webinars. But the cashflow side of it is like massive if you can get it right. And so it's like, there's, it's, it's the next stage of where I've been, I've been saying that I want to go with my business to fully automate everything. And now I'm like, Okay, I have to fully automate everything. And it's like, 10 times as much. Well,

[175:05] Sue McGarvie: I don't know if initially, but I don't know how you do it with a toddler anyway, because I remember those days. And, you know, that's crazy. Like it was such a

[177:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: bad get my brain to, I've had to optimize my transition time in my brain, from like dad mode to being able to jump into making content. So that's where I've, that's why I said a lot of what I've been talking about recently is like, using, I had to record some content this morning. So I turned on some music in my ear, I turned on something on Netflix, watched it scrolled social media for about five minutes, then I was in like the right state of mind that I was looking for, to create the content that I was trying to make. So it's almost just like doing stuff to transition me out of toddler mode. My wife is great to it at taking care of him by herself. And we have some support from her family as well. So that's all Yeah,

[190:32] Sue McGarvie: I but I do remember how insane that time was. And and again, and you've got another one on the way. Congratulations. I just saw that. That is so way too way to do that. That's fine. Yeah, so I've

[194:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: been I've been itching to tell everybody that for a while on but Abigail likes to keep stuff private for like, half, three

[196:01] Sue McGarvie: months. He's important. I know the reproductive biology and I'm just I'm yeah, I'm absolutely thrilled for you. But again, life is gonna be manic. And and yeah, I just but it's it's it's how you juggle. Yeah,

[199:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really liked the angle this is taking right here. So this is specifically for women. Do you have a lot of male or female clients?

[203:24] Sue McGarvie: For the dating? It's all women I tried to get I'm trying to get more

[204:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: than Yeah, then this is actually this might actually be in alignment with what you're looking for. Even that, like make them obsessed manipulation planner that I know, isn't that. So that sales copy is actually really fired on that. Because here's what's interesting, that language, you got to do different language for men, I think. But for women feeling like leading with having the power, that's, I think that's a good hook. Because it's empowering the women to not be taken advantage of, but then also to draw in the right type of men. That's good. I like that. And then you got this.

[217:09] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, it's just this this stuff that I'm seeing, Oh, transfer JPEG files is restricted. Okay? Let me start now.

[219:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a, so it's an archetype quiz. And then at the end of the quiz, it kind of figures out their, their, their personality, basically, the way that a lot of these quizzes work is there's really only like three or four outcomes, right? And half of the questions are just sort of like to lead people to think that there's some magic to the funnel. Um, but really, like one or two of the answers will lead to like one or two of the outcomes. And then you can lead them to a special video or sales letter that has that. The other thing too is because you're you're so good on video is you could create a video version of this, where you have a video of you and then there's buttons, they can click to like, depending on like, where they're going or what their desires are or what they're wanting to do.

[233:26] Sue McGarvie: And it's about to be about to be the pitch for the course we've got stage

[234:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: curious to use a video like that for your optin to

[235:32] Sue McGarvie: Hmm, okay, you know what that's that's, that's something I can do. You know, so So can we so we're doing the copywriting Can we do that as the script so if I can, I can I can do it in real time. Like I can, we can do that we can work The script back. Because I have, I have a bootcamp I want to start next week is, you know, the same stuff everyday. But it honestly it funds everything the bootcamp funds everything. And it's, it's, I can do it. So it's not the end, the course that I'm doing is the automated version of what you're trying to do. With my, basically, it's the four stages. So I have that ready to go. Yeah. And of course, is coming. But in the meantime, I'm funding the process for all the staff that because you know, because so when I started, I tried to do enough for me and realize the best use of my time was to do what I do well, and outsource it all. He taught me that you have your people. And that's something I'll give you full credit for. Because I was trying to do more than I should have on my Oh, really? Yeah. Now I'm now I'm specifically Yeah, so I do what I do well, the money to pay the staff who are doing it. And the

[254:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: hardest part was staff is just, you got to be so patient to communicate with the fact that half the time they don't understand what you're asking them. Like the first five times you ask, and I've had to learn that too, is like, I'll ask it and then they'll send me something that's like, totally not what I asked for. I'm like, Okay, this is like, Thanks, this is great. Let's adjust this, this and this. And then after, like a few times back and forth, we ended up kind of getting into alignment with stuff like that, I found that to be the case, whenever you have staff is that nine times out of 10, they never get it right in the first shot. Yeah, or even the first sometimes five shots, especially. But if you're patient with people, and you kind of walk them through what you're trying to do, it's still better than you doing it yourself once they get it. Because then they really get

[267:42] Sue McGarvie: it. I have group meetings, I find the group meetings help. And then now they shut off and like they are talking to each other. So they don't always that's

[269:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: the other thing too getting them to collaborate, collaborate, and they make idea babies themselves out of that. And then

[271:53] Sue McGarvie: can we look at the opt in page uauy? It right, here's the opt in page. So here's what I'm looking at. If I say to you, it's going to be a, you know, boot camp, you know, find love in 2024 boot camp next week. Why are you know, why are you not doing it? My price point has been, you know, just under $200. And I get, you know, I don't know 75 people that join. Okay, when I push it out, but I love this idea of doing an opt in one. How you know, and but I haven't done it, you know, so

[281:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so your bootcamp, what's the topic of the bootcamp, it's basically

[283:06] Sue McGarvie: learn it's, it's, it's the leverage. So if you're sitting on your couch, you know, Netflix post pandemic, you don't know how to get out there and date, it's daunting. The thought of actually doing it is terrifying. So you can sit in your basement and click on some dating apps, except in our age group, it's 60%. Fake. So you're paying the money 60%. And you but you don't, but that's easier, because you can do it from your computer, but you don't know how to find love, and it's not working. So what do you do? I'm saying, sit, we're going to do a zoom call, I'm going to hold your hand for the next four weeks, and we are going to get you to a place where you can have love, find love. Boom, that's the plan. Wow.

[294:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's a great pitch as far as that goes. Um, but I can see why. So those are the people that who are already in your ecosystem. And they've already followed you for a while. Right? They have

[297:20] Sue McGarvie: followed me and yes, so I have some going out on Instagram. And I have some ads, but they're going to a landing page. But I have very little uptake to people who are who and you know, what's going on is that people have been in the bootcamp are telling other people so my ecosystem is is doing that, but again, it funds it. I would love more new people, but that is not right. And as you said, it's a two year process rather than having started in November. I'm still not there yet.

[304:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. But you're getting you are getting closer to a lot of those things. Um, what I'm, what I'm thinking is okay, so we got a couple of stages here. Boot Camp, what are you? Are you selling something to them at the end of the bootcamp?

[309:53] Sue McGarvie: Well, no, I don't. What I'm No, not really I'm selling them if they want to. After four weeks, I will hold their hand I just did. I just did a I was just on a panel with three matchmakers the cheapest of which was $6,000. And no guarantee most expensive was $15,000. Yeah, no. So I don't want to do I don't have the database that the matchmakers do but I will coach them for you know, even if it's an you know, a low ticket, you know, relatively even if it's a $499 I will coach you or $650 Let me take you by the hand and do Do that I

[320:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: got like, let's let's work together for like, you know, the next the next six months to really work with you to kind of dial this in because you know that listen, the person you spend the rest of your life with is worth six months of you getting it right? Yes. And then what if you could even bring to the table? Hey, you can Oh, you could offer them this. This is great. I just had an idea. Okay, so you can offer them this is like you could literally like, bring to the table like, Okay. I don't know if you could offer this but we could find a way to where you could give them like feedback on the dates and like who they're talking to. And all of that.

[331:31] Sue McGarvie: i There's a there's a program a girl in LA in LA. She's actually originally Canadian. And she's doing that where she'll go into the into the bar with you and sit at a different table. And she has all these things for what you're supposed to do when you're supposed to go to the bathroom when you're supposed to walk. Yeah.

[335:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's so interesting, because I pro bono do that. For my mom, though. She sends me pictures of the guy she goes out with and their profiles. And she's like, What are you picking up on this guy? And I'm like, he's just,

[339:36] Sue McGarvie: I would love to work with your mom on that. Tell her tell her a barter. If she asks, tell her. And I tell y'all join her group. She can join mine. I have a bunch of guys in their 60s. That would be great for her. Yeah.

[342:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I or I tell her a lot of them are like her ex husband. I'm like, yeah, he's like, Alan, I can it's funny because I can. I'm usually it's kind of scary how accurate I can be at reading people just from their picture. Right? Um, and then there's details. I don't know that like, they've come together later. But like, yeah, I try to like not project stuff to my mom. So then she like, turns it into that. But like, like one of our like, it's like, he looks like he's trying to hide something. And then sure enough, he was like, still married with like, two kids that he wasn't telling her about. And I was like,

[353:26] Sue McGarvie: tell her I have blind dates for her. She Yeah. Yeah. All right.

[354:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, so let's talk about so that could be like a higher end offer like that, you could brainstorm on that, because then that helps cash flow things beyond the bootcamp. And I and you should always we should always have like a next level that we're taking people to, okay. Um, like, for me, my next level, after coaching is that, like, I actually work with people to build out all their marketing, but that's really expensive. It's, it's starts at like, $12,000 a month. Right, as a, and that's just for the consulting and the brainstorming and some copywriting. We want to add in like services to that it's it builds from there. But that's like an additional thing. For you, obviously, like, what are the what are the things that they are? What are they paying for from somebody else that you could offer them? As? Well?

[372:08] Sue McGarvie: That's a really good question. And what what I'm doing is I have a, I have a new launch of a new website, which is, but it's it's local, it's in my area, because it's local, it's age verified, it's it's they have to they have to be real, all of that. But I haven't leveraged it enough to be able to do it outside of my network. And again, in my bubble, I'm, I'm the girl outside of, you know, my area, I'm not as well known. So it's adding a so they come to my website, which you know, which is a nominal amount every month, but they're already paying the apps, and I'm doing a better job than the app. So they're coming to my local one. I'm trying to figure out how to do it outside of it. So I started the Patreon and it's not it's not I am not having a lot of uptake. I'm having uptake again, it's still what's the Patreon?

[385:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's the purpose of the Patreon? What's it for? What are they getting out of it? It's

[386:48] Sue McGarvie: there, it's dating codes, basically, hold your hand for the next six months. Let's find you love. Okay, it's for people outside of my area. Because if you're in my area, and there's, you know, 2 million people, you're going to be on my website, because you can do a dating profile and

[391:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can actually only are you only working locally with people and

[391:51] Sue McGarvie: only No, I'm not working only working locally with people but the website one of the best parts about it was that you can meet local right? Moms a good example, right? Is that I have I have a couple of really great Canadian guys having seen your mom's stuff that would be good for her, but she's not going to date somebody you know, 5000 You know, like, ya know, she

[397:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: decided she's only 70 miles outside of Austin as her Right exactly.

[398:14] Sue McGarvie: She's only going to do you know, Austin based not even just Texas Austin based guys. Mm. So that's what's going on with people. So I'm trying to figure out so if it goes in one city, I'll be able to duplicate it. But that's two or three years down the road right now, I need a way to sell outside of it, as you said, what's the next thing to sell? And I'm, you know, I can do an ongoing coaching with them.

[405:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's that community connection to where they really like, they want more access to you, to ask you for help, and questions. And so it's like, you're, you're very approachable to them to where they come to the table with what they're dealing with what is not working with them. Very, they're able to let you create as you end up selling to them, a vulnerability that they don't feel like they can get anywhere else.

[415:15] Sue McGarvie: Again, but how do I leverage that? How do I make that? You know, as I said, I have I have a fairly, you know, large overhead, and, like you do in terms of staff, building this. And I believe that, you know, in the next 18 months after having done it, it's going to grow

[419:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: and good. How do you leverage that? What does that mean?

[420:22] Sue McGarvie: I mean, how do I, you know, as I said, I have I have a bootcamp that'll bring in 75 people, which will help pay for it all, but it feels like I'm just, I'm just running in, that's

[423:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: all I'm saying that level would be instead of it being a $6 a month thing, it's more of a like, that's like a higher priced thing higher price ticket. So yeah, it's a higher price Nene

[425:34] Sue McGarvie: premium price model, but I haven't been able to make that. Yeah, I have. So yeah,

[427:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so and that's where like the last two weeks of your four week for your four week bootcamp, you ended up seeing them on the next thing that's coming up. So it really is like your your soft selling them on week three, and on like the last half of week four, you end up really like selling them on the value of the higher ticket thing. And then because they've already spent four weeks with you, they're they're very like, and they've already made an investment to they're very open to, you can even make it to where it's an application only basis towards, like, you need to apply for this to work with me on this level. And then what you say is, we'll let you know if you're approved, and then we'll reach out to you. And then you bring all of those people that you approve of in there, which could be everybody or there could be one or two that you say I don't want in there, you know, and then you have a separate zoom call, which is all of them in a group. And then that's where you kind of make the actual sales pitch and what it so what so that so the other idea is instead of making a sales pitch at the end of it, you pitching them on something that is more the dream of what they're going to get, and then they can apply to work with you further.

[446:45] Sue McGarvie: Okay. All right. And it's an interesting one

[447:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: model of how to add kashflow on that end, and then the front end so that's, that's back end. Front end is bringing people in through like we said a video that would have questions that they could click on. Depending on like the different types of people that you engage with, who are your best clients? Who are the ones that are they go the distance with you as who you really want to attract more of? And what are their concerns and stuff like that, that you can address and talk about on video and make it really fun where they can click on this video. They're

[457:20] Sue McGarvie: like, like, think about your mom who's in my demographic, who is she's super savvy. She you know, she knows herself she knows her worth she's able to ask the tough questions. She's not meeting men of quality. Right if she's still single she's not meeting men of quality so for her because if you put her in front of 100 guys in Austin in her age group in her demographic one of them she's gonna go well let me introduce you to my kids. But she needs so if I you know said it with 100 people because it's volume for somebody like her so I betcha she's not meeting those guys that have those criteria. So that's the problem I have to do. You know, and I'm in my biggest if you asked me what my biggest challenge is, is finding you know, men over 45 Who Get IT who can fit into my audience because I've got all kinds of women but I don't have guys

[471:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we got a multi dimensional problem here of you're kind of you're creating the ecosystem and coaching on it and selling it I don't think I fully realized that until just now

[476:40] Speaker 2: that that was part of the issue. Yep. So it's going to take a

[477:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: couple of different video like funnels to bring those members

[478:29] Sue McGarvie: get turn off the stove, hang on.

[479:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, I see Breton Tiffany here that like I said, this is our copywriting call as well and our ads call and going over your, your, your funnels and looking at what's working, what's not. So does anybody else have any, any offers that we want to look at Sherman here? Okay, so have you have you like mapped out like a, like a, like a roadmap as far as like a where they come from where they link into, and all that and kind of how that works. Because once they come into your bootcamp,

[490:29] Sue McGarvie: they started my Facebook group,

[490:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: they started a Facebook group, I started my

[491:28] Sue McGarvie: Facebook group, and some of the move over to my website at $20 A month or $24 a month. And so they're in that where they're, you know, they're starting to do ads, and they get all kinds of daily articles and get a daily coaching video. Okay, so one of those two. And then from there, they get into the bootcamp, which is 10 times the rate of either of those two. And then from there, I don't you really upsell them. I had I know, I was doing kind of a 990 $9,000 Consulting, but the truth is, honestly, I was babysitting other adults, and you talked about it, you know, the drill better than anybody talking to people about, you know, people, you know, it's unfair in fairness, some of them were Undateable. Yeah, I had some that honestly, there is no way in hell, I'm finding a partner for it, because they're on the spectrum I had, I just, you know, 39 Year Old Virgin, I was trying to figure out what in hell I was going to do with her. Like, there's just some things that are marketable. And so I really didn't like the, you know, because it's the matchmaking and that what the matchmaker said is, if they don't have 100 people, potential partners to introduce them, they won't do that. So what I need is a low is a modestly priced ticket item that I can send out to the masses that I can get outside of that. So here is why. And I have the post, like I've got a new book that is post pandemic dating, which is it's, you know, I'm telling you all bets are off from, you know, 45 years ago, like it's different. So I have the over 40, post pandemic, nobody else is doing it, if you're stuck in that process, I can solve the problem is a book that I push, is it the but I think it's it's selling that piece. And that's what I need, I need to find the price. And you did that $19, you know, was the right price for a low ticket item, I need a modestly priced one, which I called my 169 bootcamp, but that I can sell to everybody. So if I could do that, and I can have way more than 75 people in my bootcamp call, I think if I can figure out how to copyright that and get that to larger audiences, that's where I'm stuck. Yeah, well,

[530:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing is, is finding high quality people, helping them find high quality people helping them find people that they want to spend time with. Because they're so tired of the fact that like, people are not genuine. And how to like weed through that so that they have more power because you want people to feel like they have more power, it's a big thing. So leading with the fact that they're gonna be they're gonna have more power in the in the situation in the in the engagement now do we need to split out your marketing separate the male and female funnels?

[540:00] Sue McGarvie: That's actually an interesting idea having

[540:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: as two separate funnels as well, to where you pull in the women over here, and the men over here. And then interesting idea.

[542:50] Sue McGarvie: See the guys the guys want to come for sex. Like I have no problem with the with my duckling group or with the guys around sex. And because they're out of relationships, where the sex was mediocre for 25 years, and they don't want to get, you know, committed in a committed relationship, but they do want women in their life. Yeah,

[547:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Okay. So so I think that that's where a lot of the that's where I think a lot of the challenge might be here is stepping outside of this is what su does here. And really looking at okay, if an offer for everybody isn't working, it's always we got to get more specific. And what more specific way can you get then splitting it out by gender? And then what are the desires that your main men want and that your main women want? Okay, because their desire would say their desires. They're not is entirely different at the core, but the way they would describe it would use different words.

[561:26] Sue McGarvie: Absolutely, they would would absolutely say they were different. Yeah.

[562:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they were different. Yeah. So that's where leading that way is going to be. Yeah, I think that's going to be more beneficial. And it could just be two funnels that again, lead into the same site. And that's why looking at what is out there, that's marketing already, like what you just showed me with those quizzes and stuff and things like that. I think that that's going to be a missing factor, if we that we haven't tapped into here as far as that goes. It's interesting, too, because I, I tend to be very resistant to segmented male and female coaching programs. I think that like, I don't not want to be in a coaching program. That's just men. Right. And, and, but I know a lot of women prefer coaching programs that are just women. It's probably just the dynamic of the fact that like, I run a program as I know that, but for what you're doing, I think, I think there's a benefit to that at least the initial connection, being separated out a little bit, and then getting them to understand how working with you works, and then cross pollinating the ecosystems together.

[582:58] Sue McGarvie: All right, I'm gonna take a stab at that. I'll try. I'll try doing a, you know, doing a couple of copyrights to see if I can buy some ads, mainly just to guys and say, here's, here's the story. Yeah. Okay, because I really do.

[586:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and they, and there's, again, there's certain like, as far as I teach all the time, there's certain language to use for the ad to get approved. Right. But guys, like cleverly coded language a lot anyways. So we kind of, yeah,

[591:12] Sue McGarvie: the secret handshake? Yeah.

[591:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So it's like, it's like a thing that you can like, play on a little bit. And then, like, use certain forms of imagery and colors and stuff like that, to get them through that way. And then for the women, it sounds like right now, your problem isn't that you don't have enough women. So maybe we just try to bring in more guys and see how that works. And then take what we learned from that. And bring in more more of the women. Or if that if you're really struggling to make the guy thing work again, since we know that you can bring in women, well, we flip it and let's try to optimize a female only funnel to Okay. So those are two options that

[603:24] Sue McGarvie: I would I would go that those are those are great suggestions, Jeremiah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay.

[604:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tiffany says I just started creating a landing page for my membership group. Hey, Tiffany, how are you?

[607:56] Tiffany Quinones: Oops, there we go. Good. Oh, let me close these blinds have a can't see me. I'm doing well. How are you?

[610:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. Welcome. New Beginning

[611:47] Tiffany Quinones: I just went into chat GPT I have that membership AI thing that you gave us. And I told it to use the tone of Sandy kowski and I stopped here because I'm going to open that free group for 45 days I decided I'm going to keep it open. And then I'm going to switch it over to a paying membership.

[618:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would rewrite a lot of this to sound more like you okay, I don't think you would talk this way. No

[620:36] Tiffany Quinones: at all. Like I said, I just created it yesterday and then

[621:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of the AI stuff and also like I would not just I wouldn't I don't I wouldn't use that membership AI to write your sales copy. That was more for brainstorming membership ideas and structure. Gotcha. That was like a little thing that I tested on Okay, the main chat GPT by itself telling it to act like a copywriter that's helpful but you really got to like, drive into what are the pain points? What are the things that they're really struggling with? What are the issues that you solve for them? Okay, so, as well remove a lot of these like stars and stuff that it has on here. Yeah. But no good. Like good job getting started with this. This title is really good. Your title is great. The rest of this isn't quite there yet. I feel like the vibe is like getting there. But it needs to feel more like like TIFs tribe. Okay, so

[639:48] Tiffany Quinones: yeah, I was I was like I said I just on a whim because I had to. I had to step away and do other things yesterday but I'm like, let me just go into chat JpT brainstorm. And the

[643:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: other thing is like who who else is mentoring women in this in this info?

[645:20] Tiffany Quinones: Okay

[645:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: No I'm asking you Do you know who they are?

[646:42] Tiffany Quinones: Off the top of my head maybe a couple people that come to mind

[650:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way now Facebook Messenger has meta AI with llama three in it, which is super cool. Llama three is it's been. It's connected to Google and Bing now so. Uh, yeah. Brene Brown Marley Marie Forleo Gabby Bernstein. Glennon Doyle. Rachel Hollis. See what? Let's see what Cloud Opus says to this. Brunette Yeah, again, I think Brene Brown is definitely one to look at. Brene Brown and Rachel Hollis, everyone who hasn't done a lot like older Rachel Hollis stuff? Like some of her older stuff. Do you ever? Do you familiar with her? Her her book? I

[665:32] Tiffany Quinones: think I got her book, but I don't know where it went. Yeah, so

[667:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: these older ones right here. My wife followed her a lot here and then like, her husband's life, just like went crazy around here.

[670:33] Tiffany Quinones: I stopped following her around that but here's

[671:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing that you can learn from the marketing that came in around this stage. Right here Okay, girl Stop apologizing shame free plan for embrace it because this frickin worked. How she sold and marketed this book. Look, you got sales copyright here on Amazon. Ah, perfect. The pitfalls and challenges of excuses that stop us from our aspirations. Identify the excuses have to let go of the behavior to adopt and the skills to acquire on the path to growth and confidence. And let's put it this way. I'll tell you. Her community was obsessed with her. And people loved her community till everything kind of the ish hit the fan. But it would be unwise to not learn from what got her to that place from the marketing perspective.

[687:18] Tiffany Quinones: Does that make sense? Yeah. That does.

[688:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And same with the same with this one. Stop believing the lies about who you who you are seeking to become who you are meant to be. Alive. And then that lie. I'm not a good mom. I'll never get past this. I think your community might be closer to this one. Right here. What do you think?

[694:30] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah. The these will

[694:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: be separate communities. She transformed her community from this one. Uh huh. To this one?

[696:53] Tiffany Quinones: This one right here because I'm reading the very bottom sentence. That one? Yeah, right there. That's That's it? Yeah.

[700:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's great. So like, you could even take this copy. And you rewrite this sales copy in the tone of Rachel, Rachel Hollis here for this audience and the tone that this audience would resonate with. So this will give you some ideas as far as that goes. sales copy to rewrite. Okay, let's see. Oh, this says absolutely, we can channel this energy. Welcome to your bold new chapter with sacred spaces, harmony and growth. Hello, incredible woman Are you exhausted from constantly running at full speed managing the intense demands of a bustling career, and lively home life ever wonder if there's a more fulfilling way to navigate it. Empower your journey, grab it by the reins gorgeous. It's time to master the art of weaving your professional goals with your personal passions, build unshakable resilience turn life's challenges into stepping stones. And you see how just that one prompt of what we just did? Uh huh. shifted this

[718:03] Tiffany Quinones: big time. Yeah.

[719:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so again, and this isn't even quite there. Again, I would unpack this deeper, kind of rewrite it a little bit more and this is where then I would loop this back into here who are where I would start another one sort of brand new chat who are women influencers and speakers or authors who dominate in the following space. And then we paste that content and then let's try it in a couple of these other AIS right here and see what this produces as well. Matter meta Brene Brown Yeah, Marie Forleo Gabby Bernstein? Murder Daniela poor Tay probably not ever heard of her either? Probably not. Um, oh, you know, who is another good one though, is Jen Jensen since sincero. Right here, the badass lady, you are a badass.

[740:19] Tiffany Quinones: If you read this book, Tiffany, I didn't even know it existed, and highly

[741:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: recommend it for you. Okay. And she's she's a. She's a coach who then built her coaching business and then became an author and stopped coaching because now she has this whole brand with her books and all that. So she doesn't even know she coaches. Oh, yeah. No, she still has a coaching program. DIY coaching program. Yeah. So this is all she's optimized everything to just be totally autopilot. But it's because she's gotten so clear on. So like her program 297. And you can't beat that. Eight weeks for 300 bucks. Nobody can say no to that, that they're in her ecosystem.

[752:27] Tiffany Quinones: That's a huge, that's a good deal. Yeah,

[753:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. And so that's great pricing, even like that you could borrow from like I always say about 300 to $500 is a good price point for this type of content right here.

[756:17] Tiffany Quinones: So all right. Perfect. Thank you so much.

[758:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and like I said, I think the I think the definitely Rachel's brand has shifted. I mean, my my wife used to be obsessed with her. Now she doesn't even like, standard. That's the thing, though. She like totally evolved into a different, different market. And that happens. I think it was really sad that her ex husband passed away but

[764:55] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah.

[765:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see. Yeah, Glennon Doyle, untamed and love warrior. So again, looking at just some of these different brands. I know Brene Brown, I just I love. I love her stuff. I love the fact Brene Brown actually wrote my mom and said that my mom was the one that gave her the courage to actually pursue what she does. That's so Brene Brown, like literally said that, that she gave my mom the the props that like to even go after what she's doing today was one of her books that my mom inspired her on and now Brene Brown has just like exploded. And so I think like that's such a cool legacy. Just to that the fact that you've been following my mom for probably since that time, I would say looking at some of Brene Brown stuff as well, if you look at we've talked about resilience Rising Strong, right here. How the ability to reset transforms the way we live love parent lead. Walking in our stories of hurt can feel dangerous. But the process of regaining footing is where the courage is tested and values are forged. And that's a good one just to get some language for how to communicate bravery. If you're brave enough. Often enough if you're brave enough, often enough, we will fall this is a book about what it takes to get back up.

[793:33] Tiffany Quinones: I like the language already does.

[794:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And she's created this she has his word. She calls it the rumble. The rumble is like it's like the it's like the the stirring that happens when you rise out of the ashes. It's the sort of underlying like, micro chaos, a little bit of anxiety and fear. Coming out of the heart, you know, and stepping boldly towards that with our stories to revolutionize our lives. And so it's one of my favorite books as well. So borrowing just some language from those, even checking out Jensen cerros book, maybe checking out that second book from Rachel Hollis checking out that Brene Brown book and then seeing where you can merge some of the language into your offer. To create then some kind of a really like, unique community, though, again, the way I see it is you got to be a leader of your tribe, you got to be that woman that, you know, I just I, like I can see like, you know, 1000 other women around you, learning from you, because your energy is being imparted to them. And what that is, is it's, it's that they, as of today, they are where you were five years ago, 10 years ago, 15 years ago. So think about where tiff was five to 10 years ago. Yeah, yeah. And then what you would what is like one piece of advice that you wouldn't gave to yourself five or 10 years ago, 15 years ago,

[823:27] Tiffany Quinones: you know, the, when you said that on the Mondays call, with that one gal towards the end, I am like a Ha, I got it, I would have needed to know how to have like a, like a healthy balance in life, like emotional wellbeing and work life balance, and not push myself to just go and I didn't I wish I had people that would tell me that I didn't need to prove myself, just to show that I could, you know, do something and that I didn't have to push myself to exhaustion. And yeah, just go go go. And

[834:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: so that's where if we unpack that, what made you believe that you didn't have to push yourself to exhaustion and go go go? What was the epiphany moment for you, when you realize that you had the revelation of that? How did that come about for you?

[838:59] Tiffany Quinones: I had a coach that I remember the date, May 4 2021, who looked at me in the eyeballs and said, Tiffany, I see you, but I don't know who you are. And so she helped me unpack who I was, and that where my identity was and that I didn't have to start, I didn't have to continue proving get off that hamster wheel get off that roller coaster. That was the most freeing thing ever. And since that date, I've been unpacking in my own life. That and I think I'm my biggest case study other than the couple of clients I've had, but

[849:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, totally. And that's great, and then start sharing your story and their stories. And if you can't identify them by name, you can talk about them just as a person. Okay, you know, I think a lot of times we can talk about for years, I couldn't talk about a lot of my clients case studies. And I had to just represent it as like, you know, and I came up with like, kind of a canned answer, like, well, you know, when I actually worked with these clients, there was agreements where I'm not able to share who they are. And so whether that was entirely like, fully true or not, I think I probably could have gotten permission, I didn't feel the courage to share who they are. Here's what's interesting is now I have that courage, and I never actually got the permission. So but it was like I gave myself permission at that stage. So that was my journey from the last five years, is literally I don't need permission, if I if I looked at myself from five years ago, is that I don't need permission. Because I know what the right things to do are. And then I don't and then I can trust myself. You know, if I look at 15 years ago, stop worrying what everybody else thinks about me and stop, stop trying to.

[871:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gosh, just stop trying to get everybody to like you was my advice if I gave my advice to myself 15 years ago, and stop trying to get everybody's approval. And then I've swung the pendulum a little bit like too far, I think a little bit. And now I'm like, okay, in marketing, we got to develop that likable character, that somebody that people really do. Like, I think that's why I cared so much about being liked and having people's approval, because I liked and approved of all the mentors I had a lot. I really really liked them. a lot. And so I thought if I could just get people to feel that way about me, then I can be successful. Well, I didn't realize that how I was going about it was wrong. I was going about getting people to like me all the wrong ways, instead of realizing it's about being authentic, being myself, at the core, not caring what people think. But then crafting a persona that's attractive, exciting that people want to listen to and want to engage with, with my energy and communicate, which is interesting, I learned that crafting a persona side of things like 15 years ago. And then I sort of stopped doing it for a while so I can be more authentic. Now I'm bringing both together. And I'm like, Yeah, this is, this is where it's at. Just, I had a phone call last night with a guy a visit a couple crazy business deals that I if they work out, I'll tell you all about him, but he's acquiring an oil company. So and he wants me to come in and consult on some stuff. I mean, he I've known him for like seven years, he knows full well, I know nothing about the oil industry, but he knows what I am good at. And he knows that they need what I'm good at, which is messaging. So yeah, and it's interesting. And then I I'm like, Yeah, this is this is great. I think this is really fun type of stuff. So it's all about like, impact embodying the set. Well, that's what it is the safest person that your tribe is looking for.

[907:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who is the safest, most powerful person that they have been praying for? Who is the person that makes them feel the best about themselves, and they just want to spend an inordinate amount of time with that's the persona that we want to put out there in your marketing. Okay, and that can challenge you a little bit because that can be kind of scary, right? It gets a little bit scary. Once you reach that level, it gets a little scary, because you're like, Okay, well, what are the people that want to hang out with me? I don't like they're not safe. Or I don't want to hang out with them? Well, that's where you have boundaries. And you don't have to put up with people you don't want to. You know, that's it. Exactly. So or you don't have to in certain levels, you can have them be in a program, but you don't have to let them crap all over you. Right.

[923:44] Tiffany Quinones: I've learned I've learned that. And now I'm at that place. Like, let's have those boundaries. That's good. Yeah. Awesome. This is great. Because now I'm, I do feel a little bit challenged, like the the messaging is becoming. Yeah, a little more easier to say, I find that I get a little hung up when I try to share about it. But then I thought about it. And I'm like, You know what, it's because it's new. It's like new territory. And I'm, I'm coming from a different place from where I started. Still same similar things that I'm doing, but now it's becoming more clear as to what what I'm actually doing and what the outcome people, people people eat people actually walk away with. With me. Yes. And I like that question that you asked about being the safest person. And so now I'm, you know,

[938:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: who's the one it's twofold, safest and most powerful? Mm hmm. So you got to embody both? Because if you're the safest person, you're gonna get walked all over. Correct? Yeah. Right. If you show up as the most powerful person, you're going to scare the crap out of everybody. Mm hmm. Yeah. And by the way, let me let's say this, that's what my mom and body's in a lot of her marketing, very safe, but also very powerful. And I found that for years, and I was working with her, I always embodied the power side of things. And then when I went off on my own, I swung really far towards embodying the safety side of things that attracted a lot of people to me, but then it wasn't the right people. So that I embodied the power that starts repelling more of the people. When we bring both together. It's such a beautiful energetic alignment. And again, we go back to is that there's a sense of even male female energy, testosterone, estrogen, the right balance of the two. As far as it goes, I was listening to a podcast from Tom bill you as well last night. And I love how they were describing like, there's like a recipe for how much Much of certain things like leaders should be as far as that goes, you know who Tom bill you is?

[961:48] Tiffany Quinones: I do. I also follow his wife on Instagram. Yeah.

[962:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, his wife is yeah,

[963:13] Tiffany Quinones: she's, she's a badass.

[963:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's the thing too, like, even even her energy, I can totally see you like, carrying a lot of this energy here as an example for you and your tribe. So like, oh, sorry. Oh, what do you say?

[967:53] Tiffany Quinones: I was just gonna say, you know, it's, it's stepping into that, like, Lisa, it's stepping into, like, my powerful self, as you mentioned, like being in the rumble, yeah, Rumble or rebel, whatever.

[972:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're gonna become Lisa, but you're gonna write. So how does Lisa carry herself that's how on your social media and in your content, like, it should feel. Similarly, y'all are cut from the same cloth because I know

[976:00] Tiffany Quinones: you. Yep. That's desire to be. There's been, you already are though. Right? And I am embodying and like, literally. And I realize literally, just up until today that it's like I've been hiding. And I've been showing up, but I've been not not purposefully hiding, but it's like, ah, you know, just just rip the band aid off TIFF. And just yeah, I'm gonna find out. By the way, the bat is way

[984:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: too long waiting for the right moment to do things like okay, is this healed yet? Do I need to wait? No, just kind of rip it off. It'll, it'll, it'll work itself out. Because here's the problem is in today's world, especially with what's happening with technology with artificial intelligence, and with all of that, and if you listen to Tom, you know, a lot of the stuff that's going on with that, because he talks about it constantly. Because he's, he's got this, the same message that I'm saying, like you guys, you have to learn how to use this stuff to your advantage. Or, like, you're not going to exist in five years. As far as that goes in the way that you are right now. And you'll have to reinvent yourself. And it's gonna be a lot harder in five years. It and it's like, what 25 I think 25 years of, of innovation and change in society is about to happen in the next three to five years. And that's scary, because we've never seen something like that before. Well, we did see something like it. And you don't want to know what it was. It was in the night around in the 1930s when the stock market appeared during the Great Depression, as well as anytime there's been an industrial or technology revolution. We always see whenever there's a technology breakthrough. chaos happens. But those that can learn to find peace in the chaos and clarity and think clearly, and not let the fear run them. They become the leaders in the marketplace. So it might be tough for a little while. But I believe if we can stick it out in business for the next five years, there's gonna be a lot of billionaires made they might even be coming out of this program. Because that's the thing. It's like, there's new money and wealth transfer. That's happening as far as that goes. So I I just I have no doubt of that. So hopefully, that's something that was helpful for you, Tiffany.

[1020:52] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, my gosh, it all was helpful. Like, I'm glad I showed up because I was like, I never have anything. It's you know, the landing page isn't completed, but I'm still going to come anyway. Because I'm like, Yeah, I'm sure Jeremiah will give me some gold nugget that will like wake me up. And it did. And so thank you. Very, thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah.

[1027:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Brett, how you doing, man?

[1029:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, there.

[1029:46] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm here. Sorry. I was trying to find my I'm doing pretty good. going on, man. It's just been a lot of process. So what second guessing niche, my niche. And then where I kind of get hung up is I start with chat GPT to work on the copy for the event. And I get so far. And I don't know what to do after that. So oh, I'm learning how to redirect it. But I think what What I need to do is know how to construct it when it comes to what's the sales page look like? So my next videos are going to be the landing page blueprints. Perfect. Awesome. That's great. So that's kind of where I'm at. I just, you know, I, I guess coming out of, I'm having to let go of some things from the past. We all are right now, each and

[1047:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: the collective of humanity is in a season of letting go of all the things from the past. Right, right now.

[1049:25] Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, I don't. I mean, I'm seeing some parallels with some of the things that I'm experiencing. Let me see. Get on here. And how it translates, you know, in the business world, and so it's, it's been very intriguing and interesting. The challenge for me, I think, has been how I conceptualize those things in my thinking, yeah. And, and I filter them through what I've known. And, you know, the niche that I'm looking at is helping Christian business people. Not necessarily I don't have to, you know, stay in the Christian niche, so to speak, or genre, but I have a tendency to quote Scripture often. Yeah. You know, so I think what my my goal is going to be to work with business people that are answering the call of God on their life outside of constructs. Again,

[1068:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, you know, who like just resonates with me is like a blend between Dave Ramsey and Gabby Bernstein for you.

[1069:58] Speaker 1: Okay. I know who Dave Ramsey is. I'm not familiar with Gabby Bernstein.

[1072:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Gabby Bernstein she's got a book that I think you should pick up called the universe has your back. And what's amazing about the universe has your back as well as her book judgment detox is that they both reference different spiritual teachings from different writings. And she grew up Jewish but teaches more from like a like a law of attraction manifestation world, but Paul is a Christian I can read her content and resonate with it far better than anybody else who teaches on that level because she really is just repackaging what's in the Bible. Right?

[1086:05] Speaker 1: You know, one of the things that I'm that I that I eliminated I guess over the past week is a lot of the awakening that I've gone through I felt like that you know, I would help in that area. But I've discovered so many other people that are zeroed in on that Yeah, and it gave me that release to say look, there's people in this area that are far more advanced and far more educated in this area. I don't need to try and you know, scoop that in with it i can i

[1095:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Irwin on what do you tell it scoop what in with it, scoop whatever,

[1096:32] Speaker 1: you know, things like people that are, you know, I did a lot of awakening detoxed out of religion awoke to my identity, original design. You know, what the finished work of Christ is? So and I do teach some of that, but I don't feel like that. That has to be my my niche. Yeah, exactly.

[1103:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's exactly what I'm saying. Gabby Bernstein is going to be way closer aligned with that,

[1104:34] Speaker 1: right. Some of the people that I've been following are people that were in the apostolic prophetic, and they've moved over more to what they were are calling quantum spirituality. They go and so that seems to transcend everything.

[1109:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, um, so even maybe some like Dr. Joe Dispenza type stuff.

[1110:57] Speaker 1: Yeah. I haven't listened perfectly, but I've subscribed to him on YouTube.

[1112:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I love his book, breaking the habit of being yourself. That book is incredible. You are the placebo. That's another incredible book by him. So

[1115:19] Speaker 1: yeah, so I'm, I think, you know, I've seen a tremendous influx over the past, probably about six to eight months of Christian coaches, and that are specifically zeroing in on that area. What's your Christian Christian? You know, wealth creating and different things. Right. And so you

[1122:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you to really focus on that area, though I think it's better if it's on wealth creation that you have to have you built a massive amount of financial wealth for yourself or others?

[1125:28] Speaker 1: Oh, no, I'm just saying, I've just seen some people in that area. Oh, yeah. What my niche is, what my specialty is, is teaching people how to live a holistic life of being a visionary following God's voice and walking out the vision that they have becoming that vision, what the processes are, what the principles are, things along that line. And so a lot of it is taking people that that they know they're called, but they can't they can't seem to answer that call, because of mindsets that have been drilled into them that, that they're second rate citizens in, in the church, so to speak, because they're not in the clergy. And, you know, just try and help people that are, I mean, there's so many people that are like, gotcha, on strux.

[1141:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hear what you're saying, right there. Well, I'm also realizing that like, you know, just because my mom's been actually saying this for a while recently, just because your pastor says it doesn't mean it's good advice. Absolutely. Just because somebody at church said it doesn't mean you need to listen to it. Yeah. I, I went through a big revelation of that recently

[1149:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: learning boundaries would be a big one as well for you. So you've been some Dr. Henry Cloud. Yeah, I've got some kind of bring in a lot of that together for you and making it more practical, and probably less theoretical, your, your coaching and what you're gonna coach on is gonna include a lot of the, the more ethereal spiritual stuff, but I think your front end angle needs to sound real simple. And I'm as funny as I'm almost thinking, like, a like a, like a, like a farmer. Like, I'm thinking like, like, not that farmers are, they're not dumb. They're very smart, but they use very, most farmers I met us very simple language. Right? And it's like, just, like, not big words, like using like, you know, fifth grade language to describe all of that.

[1164:47] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, good champion. GPT. To do that,

[1165:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, I'm pulling in Gemini right here

[1167:52] Speaker 3: see

[1169:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: pull all this together

[1172:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's your age demographic you're looking to reach?

[1172:55] Speaker 1: Oh, probably 35 to 55 or 60. Somewhere in there.

[1177:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Overcoming the mental roadblocks that are holding you back fear of failure, impostor syndrome, self limiting beliefs, lack of discipline, procrastination.

[1179:23] Speaker 1: Oh, man. Can you send that to me?

[1179:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah.

[1180:31] Speaker 1: I guess you know what, when I, the last time I talked to you, I was asking about as I was trying to nail down my niche, and how do I describe it. And I finally just let go of that and just said, This is who I help. And these are the areas I'm going to help in and I started praying, I said, Lord, show me the practical ways to do this. And so I've been having ideas. And I realized, you know, my fiance told me, she said, Brett, you helped me so much to to release stress that you need to teach people how to do that as well. And it'll be a side effect

[1192:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the result of it but you got to lead with what they're really looking for as far as this goes,

[1194:34] Speaker 1: right? Yeah, well, I'm thinking things that I can add into a membership. Okay, and then I'll I'll you know, I've kind of got a membership in mind as the offering but I haven't really kind of thought that out yet. As far as pricing and everything. Yeah. But as business people, I'll probably have a tendency to be a little bit probably priced around where you have this. Yeah.

[1202:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so let me see speak to the specific pain points emphasize transformation, social proof authority, trustworthiness trapped in a life that's not yours break free and answer your true calling tired of feeling unfulfilled unreleased, your hidden potential? Oh, that's good. The guide you wish you had learned to turn fear into a catalyst for growth mindset that matters. So again, these are like foundational, just ideas for some sales copy that we can kind of pull together.

[1211:50] Speaker 1: You had sent me one on a sample of doing a webinar on hyper vigilance and spiritual warfare. And so I've been kind of working on that a little bit. That has been my model. So

[1215:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: try this, try this link right here in the in the chat. And essentially, it's a public.

[1219:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, I've got it. The

[1219:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: public link to the whole thread of kind of what I just had it break down and then you can kind of read through it.

[1223:02] Speaker 1: Yeah. Cool. Cool. Thank you.

[1224:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what was it? Oh, sorry. What were you saying before I was trying to get that link? What are you saying this just now? You just said

[1226:30] Speaker 1: how you had you had sent me a sample of a webinar on hyper vigilance. And in relation to always fight in a battle. And so I've been kind of working around that has been teaching me how to do this. So I'm seeing, you know, like, you know, some branded,

[1232:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: what did they send you that?

[1233:11] Speaker 1: Oh, it's been way months back? Oh, probably last year? Okay,

[1234:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you may maybe upgrade some of that to some of the more recent stuff I've been sending you. So. Okay, the more that we've gotten to know each other now is like a lot of maybe what I might have said, then I would change and adjust towards this direction.

[1239:03] Speaker 1: Right. All right, I probably would, would be more apt to include in the language, who I'm targeting, rather than just say it right out front that hey, if you're a Christian, and, you know, I don't I can't think of the language right off the top my head. But anyway, I'm wanting to get unstuck.

[1246:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, getting well, sometimes getting unstuck is taking a step to do the thing that we know we need to do even when it feels uncomfortable, right? And doing the uncomfortable thing.

[1250:48] Speaker 1: Rewrite the programming.

[1251:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. I think we got so much programming lately in our society, like you gotta get you got to get fixed first. You got to get to where things are working for you and all that before you're ready. And yeah,

[1256:28] Speaker 1: yeah, I know what it's like to face all my fears on a project right away. So that so that I really rewrite the mindsets or the limitations. I did that and when I flipped houses, and just have to apply it to this. I'm really excited about doing it. It just seems like that I get in this one. One place and I spin. Yeah. So I'll get traction.

[1263:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no more. Yeah, more spin. Now,

[1264:36] Speaker 1: I LM myself, and

[1265:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's and it's interesting is that, that that's a new thing. I want to start really kind of calling everybody up to take action lately. Yeah. I feel like that's one thing I've not done well, because I think you really got to just you just got to do it.

[1269:48] Speaker 1: Well, it's encouraging to hear you say that it's because I can be very performance minded and beat myself up if I'm not careful.

[1271:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ya know, for the performance mindedness, definitely the performance performance. Excellent. Performance is a great thing to work towards, but that's a long term journey. Right?

[1274:42] Speaker 1: Yeah. Of coming. Action ism as Yeah, you know how it is. But for

[1276:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: the perfectionism, I've embraced this recently because I know a lot of really successful perfectionist. They didn't but they got there by multiple moments of imperfection, right? So they got They're in the macro. They were refining it to be perfect. I really feel like like that's how I am. But at the micro day to day, it's like it's a series of imperfect actions.

[1282:39] Speaker 1: Right? Exactly. So and

[1283:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: then when we realize like, we're never going to take one moment, that's perfect, but we're going to put the pieces together to start to get there. Right, there you go. All right. Yes, so if you click on in Gemini on the last chat, there's a little Share button and then you can share the whole chat by clicking on that when I clicked on yours it doesn't actually send me there it just sends me the sign into Gemini or maybe I'm got this wrong that's interesting though. Gemini Gemini this is only

[1293:42] Sue McGarvie: nine got it? Didn't know I could do that. So I was cutting I didn't until I didn't know there it is. There's a public there's the public one. Okay, yeah, I've been added I've added Gemini as well as the chat GPT for I find Gemini more creative chat GPT for more technical so yes, yes

[1299:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I use for it. Yeah. Yeah, going back and forth between the two. I like to then brainstorm questions with each other about what the other one said. And then they almost get into like a weird like cross dialogue together and like some crazy stuff happens. And then I by the way, I was doing that and then I saw this like aI expert who's like the guru of AI and he's like you need to get the AI having a conversation with itself brainstorming I'm like I came up with that one on my own That's awesome. Yeah. Get the AI debating itself to that's really fun. Okay,

[1309:58] Speaker 2: does it work? It

[1310:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: does your

[1311:11] Sue McGarvie: the male stuff and I said if I can video this i My partner was just showing me a video he's English and you know a woman doing a car video she's a car petrolhead and you know showing a card saying hey guys, and you talking to men using guys as the guys word terms of doing that and our video is really engaging to men so I've spent some time looking at that so so anything you'd read off the bat you've changed in terms of copywriting anything jumping out at you when you look

[1324:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you might lead with like mastering the art of seduction as week one and then rediscover your lower in week two as far as the order of things because it's almost like it's like an instant gratification desire type thing we can lead

[1329:45] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, the artists deduction Sure. That would be fun. Yeah,

[1330:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then and you don't always have to follow exactly what the weeks are that you have listed here because sometimes that could be part of your marketing too. Right is the order you put this entirety of solo Saturday's let's see

[1336:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: there was a there was a movie that I saw a while back. That was hilariously like almost in line with like, what some of your sales copy is here.

[1341:11] Sue McGarvie: How to be a Latin lover.

[1341:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, that's funny. So it's a hilarious movie. It's so fun. It's great. Yeah, it's so funny

[1346:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, just the marketing behind the movie and like, the swagger and all of that, that he has and all that. It's such a great

[1349:08] Sue McGarvie: that is that's a great idea. I'm wondering if I can steal that you know,

[1350:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: or even borrow? I mean, even just something like the colors on there. I

[1351:03] Sue McGarvie: love that I actually Jeremiah, I love that. That's great idea. Yeah,

[1352:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: so that was and that's where I say like that was like, intuitively all I could see was that movie cover when I was reading your copy. Okay, so like that's that's how I come up with a lot of my ideas as well as I as I'll get up. I'm going to be reading copy and I get a picture of like, something else that I know that I've seen before. Okay, and it starts to bubble up to the surface and then I start to go look at that thing. So like if I was you even watching the movie, that movie It would be like, you know, see like, or just the first like 1030 minutes of it, just to see like, What draws you into the storyline?

[1362:53] Sue McGarvie: I have I have one of those Kodi boxes so I will watch it tonight.

[1363:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's it's a good it's a good it's funny my wife and I really enjoyed it. Okay, that was hilarious. And then the other thing is is just well, you know who has a lot of great content on this is Robert Greene

[1367:44] Sue McGarvie: yeah, I've I've read his stuff, you know, how did the artists that yeah, do not

[1368:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: read that book? I've read 48 laws and reading mastery.

[1370:22] Sue McGarvie: The art of power, right The Laws of Power. Yeah, yeah. The Laws of Power. Yeah, I have those deductions on my bookshelf. I got that one.

[1372:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: That one's not read that one. Interesting. duality, right. He

[1373:24] Sue McGarvie: talks about you know, Marilyn Monroe being, you know, yeah, little girl in the Sex Kitten or Cleopatra. You know, sort of at that point, he's

[1375:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: just, he's, he's brilliant at what he what he teaches. I'll say this, I veered away from him because he, for me, I felt like his energy was a little darker than I cared. Pretty dark. Yeah, it is. It's a bit of a dark energy. But like, there's growth, there's gold in learning the things that

[1381:21] Sue McGarvie: he shares. Yeah, there really is. Yeah, that's

[1382:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I found was, it's like, okay, I'm not going to necessarily probably model my life after this book. But it also teaches me like what to be aware of. Now, this one, I actually found I was really resonating with an interview he did on this book. And some of my own methodologies, he was actually talking about a lot of the stuff that I haven't teaching about, like playfulness, and getting into like a playful state of mind. He talks about that in mastery is that's part of becoming a master is where it literally just becomes fun for you like, like a child playing. And that's what a true master is, at something is they're not striving to be excellent, they just are. And, and that comes out of even the subconscious and your being as far as that goes, I think all of us can, can tap into that as well in how we present ourselves in our marketing and stuff like that. As far as that goes. That's another thing too for you. Sue is like just in your in your marketing and your teaching and stuff like that. When we want to teach methods and stuff like that, we want to bring ourselves down to the level of the people we're teaching with the language. But we do need to embody the authority of somebody that they look up to and respect. And I want to really follow through with what you say, because I think you probably do that really well. Well,

[1405:27] Sue McGarvie: I follow I you know, if I have trouble I really like the you know, the way the wolf, right? It's, it's, you have to be really enthusiastic. You have to be an x, right? You have things that you do initially. Yeah, yeah.

[1408:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's another that's another good one. I found that was another level to it just in my own life. And I feel like it's funny. I feel like you embody this really well. And naturally, I was struggling with it for a while, is just like, fully staying in my presence of power. Versus like, weaving in and out of like, everybody's opinions. As far as that goes, Yeah,

[1415:45] Sue McGarvie: I don't I don't I don't worry about everybody's

[1416:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. I know you really well,

[1416:55] Sue McGarvie: you said years of doing talk radio, if I thought about it, I would have you know, like, I had stuff. So you learn to just like, it's just, those are just mosquitoes, there's

[1420:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: always one that's that's where i It's funny, I when you came into this program, just a little bit of like, vulnerability, I felt a little bit like, intimidated by how can I help Sue? She's got such a strong personality. But then I've like, learned, like, okay, what are the things that I need to do so that like, I can, like, have a conversation that's at the same level that Sue's that as well to help her? Because I can't help her from a place that is behind where she's already at? Or makes sense?

[1428:12] Sue McGarvie: It does. I actually, you know, and it's interesting, because you, you know, my colleagues here are both, you know, from come from a Christian world, and I don't, yeah, so it's that piece of being able to, you know, walk both lines of, you know, sort of secular and Christian and to a place of kindness and authenticity. I really liked that about you. And I think your skills are so strong that I would I would showcase those more I really liked doing about marketing to young men who get it who you know, who, who are a lot better technically than all of us put together. And that you can Yeah,

[1438:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, I think that's more of a more of like a three to five year thing for me. I thought it was like the next 12 to 20 For months, and over the last couple of weeks, I've been like, No, I think it's still about three to five years out from i Isn't merging into that level. But like,

[1442:29] Sue McGarvie: I think you're probably cast. I think you should I think you should target a little bit of that with your

[1443:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a good, that's a good thought I liked I just I just podcast is where I experiment a lot. Yeah, I would totally do this. It's completely risk free for me to experiment, the podcast. Whereas, yeah, that's a good idea. Thank you. Appreciate that. Um, my YouTube

[1448:39] Sue McGarvie: thing, you know that the two the two things, I'm going to work on the men and the women. Yeah,

[1449:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I, by the way, just a little bit of an update. So me, I've been mentioning YouTube quite a bit. I had my most viewed video on YouTube, that I posted four days ago.

[1452:55] Sue McGarvie: This is the 20 to 30 minutes that you're talking about? Yeah,

[1454:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is the these are the 40 Minute, 38 minute, 43 minute, 36 minute 724 Organic views three days ago, good for you. And it was just this, like, I broke down like the science by not how to work less than 10 to 15 hours a week, and successfully have a business. And I mentioned there are times when you need to grind and need to go into a season where you're working more. But yeah, that's the most likes I've ever gotten on a video too. So that's really cool. What's interesting is I didn't actually give the strategy on how to make 10,000 a month at all.

[1464:16] Sue McGarvie: But look, look at this picture. Jeremiah, look at you with your Kansas City. Look at you with your hat backwards and your T shirt. Yeah, you need to lean in and you're you know, the wheel with the car. Oh, yeah. Yeah, this is good. I think, again, try some stuff. You know, that isn't you know, you're coaching and that's fantastic. But I'm telling you, I think you could be a leader of young men.

[1470:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is probably one of my favorite videos that I put out there, but it doesn't have a lot of traction. But Coach Carter here while just talking about how like, you can watch this movie and if you're struggling to like, feel like a great coach. Like just watch that movie for 30 minutes and you'll you'll feel inspired to coach people. Well, you know, um, anyways, a lot of really good stuff. Here today. Oh, I think my Zoom is crashing.

[1478:21] Sue McGarvie: Okay. Well, it's been lovely talking to you. Thanks, Jeremiah.

[1479:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, definitely. I think we're, I think we're about to wrap up here anyways, so there we go.

[1485:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I'm back, brought me back. Awesome. Well, hey, thanks, everybody. This has been great, great time here. I think we really broke down a lot of really great things that we're pressing and important. I want to take some of the different angles that we've been talking about here and bring them into some of the offers that I'm creating as well which is good. So it's great. All right, everybody. Have a good one and we will talk soon.

