LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-01-11T22:28:35.000Z
Duration: 141 min
Otter ID: GOIJVb2VH0zaVJwAKbAI3P2XC1E
---

[0:37] Speaker 0: All right.

[1:58] Speaker 1: There we go

[5:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's share this into the Facebook group here. I'm gonna go live into the Facebook group. Good morning, everybody. How are you doing? I hope you're doing well hope you have a great day. Have a great morning. Today is our live copywriting. Sales, copy, advertising, copy, funnel copy reviewing any sort of language messaging, words that you have. As far as that goes again, I'm excited that you're here. Thanks for being here. Thanks for your commitment to your success in your business. And again, if listen, if you're watching the recording, don't feel like oh, wow, I can't make it live. So I'm not committed. That's not what I mean at all. I'm just saying the fact that even maybe you're watching the recording of this shows that you're committed to. And I really feel that way. I really feel like whether you're watching on a recording or you're on live that that's, that's putting in the effort. That's that's doing that. So anyways, because anybody else who's not watching it isn't going to hear this. So all right, let me go live in the Facebook group here. Raise your hand if you got some copy that you want to review. You want to go over Shonda Whitworth, what is up Shonda? How are you?

[25:38] Speaker 1: Win us live on Zoom. Can you hear me? Yes, I

[27:06] Shonda Whitworth: can hear you. Oh, perfect.

[27:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: There you are.

[27:36] Shonda Whitworth: I just forgot to unmute.

[28:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just a reminder, if you posted something in the group, I have you send an email with copy. Just be sure to either raise your hand comment in here that you want us to go over it. Things like that. I I've been pretty much unplugged the last couple of days. So.

[33:42] Speaker 1: All right. See,

[34:00] Shonda Whitworth: so I posted a link for you.

[35:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's go live in the group here first. Okay, engineer accelerator, live copywriting rewrite call. Whenever I do this, it's I always like to click. And we actually created this zoom class where I kind of walk you through this and stuff like that. So anytime that we're on here, I have to go in here and I have to do okay, you live in the group. There's the link. Okay, now we're live. And there we go. Boom. So now people can watch it in the group. As far as that goes. For anybody who is watching this in the Facebook group, or maybe you're watching the recording again. Somebody had asked they thought that maybe the recording was taken down. We've had some content taken down from Facebook groups recently. I'm going to explore and look into that as to why that's happening. But all recorded content is always going to be in the members area over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And so just keep that in mind that you can always log in here and find all of the sessions that we're doing all right Shonda a Dallas has the hers is in the group as well. All right, let's take a look at this.

[53:36] Shonda Whitworth: So this is after the this has to be the offer after I have the intensive this would be what I'm what you're selling. Yes. What

[55:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm selling. Cool. Awesome. By the way, I just have to I just have to show you this. I am I am wearing what I believe one day may be a very valuable shirt. I told my wife I should put it into like a ziploc but she's like now where it is when Jasper for about six months called themselves Jarvis and then they actually received a cease and desist from Disney to stop using the term Jarvis but I have a T shirt of this. It's our it's the AI app that like there's very few people that actually own this shirt.

[66:36] Shonda Whitworth: So it's a collector's item. Yeah, that's

[67:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a collector's item. But I think it's like 20 years from now. It's like one of the first things of AI that you know, and it's rare. So there we go, all right. Finally, conquer your overwhelm. Okay, so they go through a webinar with us sales pitch, or how are they how are they getting this again, tell me again.

[73:12] Shonda Whitworth: So they go through an intensive called conquer, overwhelm and write your book. Right and so I'll take them through some training there about you know, conquering the overwhelm and and there and I'm thinking about I had been doing it as a three day intensive and I'm thinking about changing it to five day. Yeah,

[79:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, just know if you ever see me like making A weird face while we're on these calls, it's usually has nothing to do with anything you said. It's me processing stuff I, I make weird faces. So all right. Unlock the writer within Kingdom living writers membership. Okay, so they already know what this is. So that's good. Because of that, you know, we don't have to put as much super energy into like making this perfect. You know, I talked about that my mom's stocks group page hasn't changed much in the last year, my accelerator page hasn't changed much in the last year, you know, get it to where it's like, it's good enough to explain what you're talking about. And then it should work fine. Conquer the overwhelmed write your book, even if you're stuck. Okay. Is this Is that what they're that what they're the final outcome that they're going to get from you is going to be

[95:01] Shonda Whitworth: is that they are writing their book? Yes.

[95:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're helping them write their book not necessarily publishing, right? I,

[96:46] Shonda Whitworth: I would like to take them through the whole process. Okay, I do tell them that, you know,

[98:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's important. That's why I say that. And anybody watching this too. I'm not trying to nitpick on anything for anybody's copy, it's really it's to Let's express this a little bit better, is finally conquer, overwhelm, get your book written, published and read by, and then you want to think of what's the number that like, won't overwhelm them as far as like how many readers or reviews read and reviewed by hundreds 1000s of eager, excited readers. So some way of expressing that is kind of what I've put in here. Okay, like, like taking it to the, the, like a couple steps further along the finish line. Because now we're casting vision for you know, and that's really the steps of your process, conquer the overwhelm, you're gonna write the book, now we're gonna get it out there. Now, we're gonna get people that are actually going to read it. And then at that stage, you know, even writing your second book, okay, you know, getting booked for podcasts growing your brand, they're not going to put that in the headline here. But like, it's that when I talk about casting vision for where they're going, it's that bigger picture of like, prophesying what their future might look like, if they did everything right. You know? Okay. Yeah. So, so that, so that's always good for the headline, especially

[124:17] Shonda Whitworth: casting that vision for the casting

[124:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: of much like a much longer timeline vision. Okay, especially on what you sell? For sure. Right?

[127:07] Shonda Whitworth: Because if they follow the process of it, take a year.

[128:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. Well, and the other thing, too, is keep that in mind, too. If you're if your headline for your free offer, you also want to cast that vision in the free offer, too. Because that's the first step to getting to that vision, if they work with you. Okay, you know, and so when you explain that to them, you're like, obviously, it's good. It takes me a year or possibly two to walk you through this whole process. I'm gonna get you started today on that. And that's and that's how you would express it with integrity as far as that goes. on your on your free content. All right, dear Kingdom writers ready, I know.

[140:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would start this with this line of copyright here. Okay. I bet you're stuck in the dream stage. Or maybe you've got some ideas out on paper. But you haven't quite made it tangible yet. You got the passion, the vision, but something's holding you back. Maybe it's overwhelmed, maybe self doubt. Maybe you're not sure what the first step is. I've been there. And then you could go into Did you know that the New York Times says that a whopping 81% of people say they want to write a book, but only 6% ever even complete their first draft. The question is, Which group do you want to belong to? So it's kinda like start the copy with this. Okay. Then express this and then ask this question. Okay. And then I would actually do this. So it's really kind of reorganizing these puzzle pieces a little bit. Okay, great. I think the words are all here, but I would change the order. I would lead with this right here. All right, absolutely. That kind of go into you're here because you got a book inside of you. story that God has. Let's get it out there. All right. Now this is Great write a great headline that kind of segue into that. So this is good, I'd like to step line.

[162:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so this is where I would get direct instead of getting them to picture it, I would make a bold promise here. When you work with me, you're not just getting a bunch of resources, you're going to be partnering with us in your success. That's how I would say it. We're going to, we're going to help you, we're going to, we're going to walk you through a personalized roadmap and hold your hand every step of the way. Okay. And then I would, I would drop this as your coach, because it's kind of redundant. As far as that goes, I don't think you need to say that. As someone who is seasoned to both nonfiction writing, and coaching people, as well as publishing books, because you want to talk about that, I understand exactly where you're coming from, and the process that you're about to go through. I've walked through the same struggles, and I've come out the other side. Alright, good. My mission here is to help you grow both as a person and as a writer, not just in the technical aspects. But in all aspects holistically. And spiritually, since you're talking about this from a spiritual angle. So right there now that I think that will build excitement, talking about it from that perspective. Now, here's the thing, skeptics, you may have some people read that and they'll be like, who does some Shandra think she is, you know, but it's like, it's that boldness right there, that's gonna resonate with the ones who are meant to be your clients. It's that, that courage to really promise to partner with them, that's gonna resonate. All right, well, and that negativity is going to be less than like, 1% of people. Okay, well,

[190:39] Shonda Whitworth: after the coaching that we've been through, I'm ready to take that now. Yeah, cool. Yeah, that's awesome. I'm ready to face that now. And that's

[192:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing is, is like, is like, you know, a big part of business especially, oh, gosh, we're in a different world today than we were five years ago, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, I think people are more like negative and critical of everybody than ever before. And then not, it's not always warranted. And so, you know, I had somebody that yesterday, critical of me that I even commented back to somebody on Twitter, and said, Wow, you claim to be a successful coach that you have time to build a business to comment on Twitter, somebody's a liar. And they commented that back to me, and I said, Yeah, well, that's not true. But thanks for your opinion. That's the like, comment. You know, so it was funny is like, like, people are always gonna be critical. So what I've actually found is I've come to like, I think there's a point in time and a moment of time, especially when we're writing sales copy where I think, especially at this moment, right here, leaning into being bold with what we're promising. All right. I think that at this point, I would then drop this right here. So take what I talked about right? Now, I would drop this copy. Okay, that's kind of redundant, you might save it for later. But it's kind of repeating a lot of the same things, I would bring this into more like how you're going to work together. Because I really want to connect with vision for the process. And the results still

[218:49] Shonda Whitworth: connect with vision and the process isn't

[219:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: vision of how incredibly amazing the process is going to be. And so we don't want to remind them of how insecure they feel yet. It's okay to talk about that. And it's okay to bring that in here. But we don't want to like bring that at this stage right? Now. I would bring it further down the page. Okay, because then that's where we agitate the pain a little bit, because we agitated it up here about the overwhelm. But this goes into like, because they don't want to the other thing is that the some of the language you have here, the notion that you're not good enough or not experienced enough, at this stage, they may think they're not good enough to even work with you yet. And so we don't want to bring that into the conversation too. Okay, um, you might think I've always, it's always I've always had it easy as a writer. And then I would do a new paragraph right here. Maybe dot dot dot. Which again, obviously isn't the right way to write but it's great sales copy.

[235:53] Shonda Whitworth: That's the other thing I've been learning is the difference between Yeah,

[236:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Because what it is, is you're making that a new line and then dot dot dot puts a pause to get them to consider what you said before going to the next line. Okay, well, let me tell you there was a time I'm almost gave up on my calling and the input as a writer, I would put that there. I would repeat that. Okay. All right after a family crisis turned my life upside down.

[244:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, this is where I would come up with one sentence where you might be able to slightly share what that crisis was, or what it made you feel. They said, like you I felt, so you could say, I had a time where a crisis happened to my family, where I felt were after that I felt overwhelmed. So you got it right here. But I wouldn't maybe I would connect it to that. All right.

[250:40] Shonda Whitworth: Say what the crisis was, it was when my son went to prison. So sure,

[251:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. You don't have to share that if you don't want to.

[252:07] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, well, that's what I'm basing it all on. I

[252:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: mean, if you've already talked about them, and you could the book titles

[253:45] Shonda Whitworth: right down there. I mean, the reason I wrote it and how, you know, there's 44,000 copies in print, but

[256:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: so yeah, by the time they don't land on this page, have they already? They've heard about that? Okay, then then yes, talk about it. Say what, what my family turned up, my world turned upside down when my son went to prison, overwhelmed, paralyzed with fear, felt shame. And you could actually even add, I think this important shame as a mom, add that there because I think that's a big part of it. Right? Because that shows vulnerability, because that's the other thing too. Gosh, I guarantee, I know, you went through judgment from people to, you know, you felt like you failed as a mother, because it's happened to me so hard. Yeah, as, as a son who went to not prison, but jail. I spent overnight in jail and got out the next day. So it's different. But I know my mom felt some of that, too. Right? And so sharing that really humanizing it not just shame, but shame as a mother, and self doubt of, Am I good enough? To write something that impacts people. All right. Maybe we don't go deeper into this. But like, I'm thinking like, for your story. And I'm going back to your sales pitch. You know, I was writing a book, and I felt like I don't even have my home in order, you know, like, what, what do I have to share with people when this is going on in my life? Right. You know, and that's the thing is helping people have that courage, even though they don't have to be perfect. And I think that's right,

[278:56] Shonda Whitworth: because the clients that I'm attracting they've been through something traumatic. Wow, okay. Yes, that's right about it, you know. So this is where I'm connected here.

[281:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so you're going to a to another level where I think humanizing a lot of that pain that you felt, and showing them that, hey, I felt some of the deepest level of pain and self doubt. And I came out the other side. Something shifted, I had a mentor. Yeah, God sent mentors that showed me how to shatter those beliefs, specific strategies. And again, because this is written towards Christians, I think adding the god little God tag there is good. If it wasn't, I would take that off. specific strategies to conquer these limiting limiting beliefs, the results of this mentorship that show that you could put the results of this mentorship because you're, you're you're telling your story here. I wrote a book appeals to the courtroom to heaven. And now there's over 44 That's amazing. Today with two and then you could say today with two published books under my belt and nearly a decade managing Christian book publishing. You got to put that there. Okay. Yes. I've learned a thing or two about what it takes. That's awesome. That's great. This should actually be your large headline down here. Let's conquer overwhelmed. Write the book you've been dreaming up. I would make that be the big headline.

[302:28] Shonda Whitworth: Okay. Yeah, that sounds good.

[303:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what if you had a weekly What if you had weekly mentorship with me? Offering strategies to conquer overwhelm practical techniques? Where would you where would you be at in your writing journey? Okay, let's make that specific.

[307:40] Shonda Whitworth: Make it really specific and clear. All right.

[309:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then, instead of imagine receiving output with personalized hotseat coaching, tailored just for you, available every week. This isn't just generic one size fits all advice. This is strategically designed to get you the results that you've been looking and praying for. And this is a little bit redundant at that point. Maybe save it again for later. And that's where it's like some of the stuff that we've put aside for later. Okay, as well it will kind of bring further down the page. Okay. Sounds good. With my mentorship you'll finally be able to say and I like and that's a key word. You finally be able to say goodbye to second guessing, like, Am I on the right path? Am I doing this, that that tag finally is a powerful word? Because it feels like relief from pain. Okay. I like that. And that's a big one, I use it often with people finally, have the courage to put yourself out there finally be able to, and it's a it's a, you know, it's it's a powerful statement. Now, obviously, we know that that's a process. But we want to have that belief in there. Okay, that's the level of targeted, personalized advice. Let's drop this, why not join me together? Well, I'd love to write it within you. Let's drop this, you're gonna bring that down further down the page about being grandfathered in. Okay. Yeah, it'll be more towards your pricing options. I wouldn't mention it here. Okay. Cuz again, it's kind of distracting in the thought process. And it gets them thinking about price now. And we don't want them thinking about that. Okay, so the whole idea of even what we just talked about so far, for anybody who's watching, we really talked about telling her story and telling the story of her clients back to them in a way that doesn't cause hiccups in their thinking. Joining this coaching membership, yep.

[343:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and then let's move some of this aside right here. Move some of this aside. Because you've kind of already talked about that, and a lot of what's written here. Yeah, we've already we've already kind of said this

[347:03] Shonda Whitworth: already. Okay, so just take it out. And not no, don't take it out. I

[348:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: would repeat it further down again, I would move it kind of over to the like, gosh, do we have a name for that? It's the it's the it's the waiting platform. It's the holding platform. So I usually when I'm writing copy, I have like two Google Docs open. I have stuff that's immediate copy, and then stuff I want to save that I might pull from further down the page. Yeah,

[353:18] Shonda Whitworth: I do that too. Well, not exactly. For copy. I'm still working. We write a book even Yeah, yes. book writing. Yes. Yeah. Yep. Here's I don't want to throw you don't want to throw this stuff away? Because you might use it later. Yeah,

[356:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly.

[358:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what I would do right here is I would take some of these testimonies. And I would, and I would think about how you could summarize them down to a single, a single outcome that they had.

[361:49] Speaker 3: Okay, actually, you

[362:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: got it right here. You got it bolted right here. So you can repeat it right here as far as like the long form testimony, but I would put georgeanne says, and then quotes in large letters, just a few months, I made more progress than I did in two decades. Okay. So that's the first thing they see. Anytime it's bigger letters, it anchors the thinking. And then they want to understand more about her story if they want to read that. Because the idea is that helps it be skimmable you got to understand a lot of people are just going to skim through this as well. And so that's going to be helpful with that.

[372:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can say Shonda breaks everything down. This membership is a 10 out of 10. But that bolded up here, okay? You know, because she didn't say that, but you're making it more succinct for somebody who's skimming. Okay. And I do that on my page right here. This is an example of that. Anytime I have these kinds of Britain, I have these kind of like a, like a top level statement. And some of these aren't even statements, they said, but they're just facts about working with us. So I don't put it in quotes, but I have it as a fact. Okay, there's something right there. This was,

[382:37] Shonda Whitworth: but if they said it, I can put it in quotes. But if I'm just summarizing, I just kind of put it if

[383:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know that it's true about them. You could totally just like write it here.

[384:44] Shonda Whitworth: Okay. Well, I mean, there's things that they've said on the calls that I've kind of pulled out to, oh, cool on the coaching calls when they've said something that's great.

[387:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Highly recommend this for anybody struggling to put pen to paper. Yep, right there. You can repeat that at the top here. Okay. My cats going crazy. Yeah, I mean, your Listen, your testimonies are powerful here. So this is great. And I would have a lot of these testimonies to on your free offer page as well. I like to have the same ones on both. Okay. It's about the journey with you rather than about the specific free offer versus paid offer. Okay, you're really getting it here. I can tell a lot of like what you worked through in the last year is coming together for you. Again, same type of thing. I would maybe pull a sentence out something bolded that you can okay

[397:31] Shonda Whitworth: and put it under the name so it stands so they're skimming it that that's a standout. Here's

[398:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing I would do, I would move David up here. to kind of break it up with with with a male right here,

[401:16] Shonda Whitworth: okay?

[401:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Move him up here. I think that that helps kind of break it up. Because I tried to kind of do that balance of like, especially if you have mostly female clients try to have that balance of male female. Yeah, they're mostly look like well, you know, men are like the last.

[406:26] Shonda Whitworth: Now, David was one of the ones that Jen last January year ago, this month, when I started these three right here, those three at the bottom are the three that I asked them, if I gave you a one hour coaching, would you exchange it for testimony? And they said yes. And

[412:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was like this, this is such a great photo of David, he carries a lot of authority just in himself, and how he sits and stands in that photo. So I think that that's powerful.

[414:42] Shonda Whitworth: All right, so I'm moving about so I haven't attracted any male clients at this time. But

[416:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it shows that you have multiple, multi dimensional, you know, shows that you're multi dimensional in that aspect. I have more women clients to but I think women in general probably go after a certain type of coaching more than because there's a lot of like male only groups, women only groups, whenever there's a mix, I've always found there's more women than men don't know why that is. But I'm sure there's a whole deep psychological reason that we could unpack, but this is cool, this is great. I would bring this further up. Because I think that whole conquering shame thing. It's come to the top here. All right.

[429:52] Shonda Whitworth: Talk about and I'm gonna be adding more of the mindset coaching ones that are going on with the book that I'm writing that goes along with the book is going to be the lead magnet, the book is going to be basically the same content as the intensives. Yeah, yeah. And so all those are going to be in there as well. This

[433:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: is great, though, this is such a great archive and stuff like that. Um, if you have a photo of you that you could add it into here, that would also be kind of cool.

[438:34] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so like the one that's up above, maybe go get another? Or

[439:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you have another one, like a different one. You could have it beyond the screen here.

[440:42] Shonda Whitworth: I can I get what you're saying. Okay. Or maybe have my husband take a photo of me behind while I'm actually on a call.

[444:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's another that's a great another great idea, as well.

[446:31] Shonda Whitworth: Okay. Okay,

[446:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: so now is where we kind of dive into like, what they're going to experience what it's like all that. And this is, I would say less pertinent and important as far as the copy goes.

[452:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is good.

[453:07] Shonda Whitworth: Good. I used your page as a model.

[453:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, that's, that's good. And this is where I would take some of those things that you put in like the holding pattern, and you might bring them down to here, like the holding platform. Okay, I wish I had another word for the holding platform. My brain wants to call it like random access memory. But I know that that's like a programming term for RAM and a computer. That's essentially how ram and the computer works. Hold stuff for later and then brings it in for you need it.

[460:18] Shonda Whitworth: All I call is deleted to be used later. That's all I call it, delete it. Yeah, delete it to use later. There

[461:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. Whatever you deleted to use later, you can probably bring that into this section here. Okay, so these I would unpack these as some maybe deep like law slightly longer sentences. Okay. And this is where like, here's just a simple prompting and chat GPT that you could do to do this is take the following bulleted list and expand each sentence out to be more multi dimensional and cast vision for what is being taught based on the main subject matter of the sales letter.

[473:46] Speaker 1: bulleted list.

[475:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of these days we won't have to use like, the way that we talk to chat GPT like this. I've been getting annoyed by it lately, too. They have been making changes and stuff that it's gotten harder to get even some of the outputs that we used to get out of it. Okay, so I'm going to then take all the So he got up here. I'm gonna put this as sales copy. And then let's see, it should expand out some of these sentences from

[481:59] Speaker 1: this bulleted list. Nope, it literally didn't do what I asked it to do.

[484:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I just I stop it. If I treated a person like this, I'd be really like rude. And I hope that AI my wife says, You need to be nice to AI so it doesn't turn in the Terminator and come find you. She She is definitely like a little bit concerned about that. And I'm like, I don't know. I'll stop. That's not what I'm looking for. Make the following bulleted list below, okay, and here's one thing that I'll do. So how it wrote out that whole sales letter I will be specific note, do not rewrite or write a a whole sales letter as your output. Only rewrite the bulleted list by making it more descriptive. So what I'll do is off and that's something I've had to do with chat GBT lately is whatever, it's outputting that I don't want. I edit my prompting to tell it to not do that thing. There we go. See, dive deep into the art of envisioning your book not just Okay, so now it's not doing it. It's adding these like bolded sentences. So I'm gonna we're going to read prompted again

[506:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: do not create a format like this? bolded. tagline. Descriptive. Expansion, text. Please only write each line as a descriptive sentence. Just one sentence. This is important. See if this works. And this is this is how I get charged up to kind of do what I want. There we go. That's the output I was looking for. You see how much how much more depth there is in some of the sentences now? Yes. Yeah, this is great. Because it's it's like it's, it's the sentences that really paint a picture of what you're going to walk them through. Now some of these you might need to edit.

[523:17] Shonda Whitworth: But right, so it'll be more in my voice. Yeah.

[524:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Let me send you this link

[527:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I might just, I might just paste these to the chat. If that works for you. messages too long. Why is it too long? That's silly.

[532:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's silly. Go here. And I'm going to paste it right here. Oh, in the comments under the Yeah. They go. All right. That's where I'm right there. Okay, no. All right, let's scroll back down. And that's how I usually come up with a lot of those bulleted lists is what I just showed you right now all right. Include with the program now have you gone through this list of stuff and one thing that you will want to consider with this list is how people may misinterpret this list. Okay, one thing I will I will caution you on is you will have people read this and possibly misinterpret things in a certain way. So what I like to do is add a deeper description of what this looks like as a small group receive one on one coaching at group rate. Explain what that means. Okay to them. Because that's going to help reduce a lot of like back and forth questions they might have or emails you get or them deciding to not work with you because they don't understand something.

[551:59] Speaker 1: Okay. All right

[555:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: did you explain this to them at all before?

[555:53] Shonda Whitworth: I do when I'm making the offer, okay. Okay. I explained you know that all the coaching includes me explaining to them what to do but if they want done for you or done with you or one on one services, that's additional

[560:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and so then okay, then yeah,

[561:00] Shonda Whitworth: I don't have the price up there. I haven't settled on the price yet. Okay. I was doing is this

[562:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting this? Was this part of like an old page? Um,

[564:03] Shonda Whitworth: no, I, the day, I think the day that I was working on that, that popped up on Facebook, one of the she's one of the editors I used to work with. And she just kind of posted that on Facebook and shared that. And so I just shared her Facebook comment

[568:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: about me. If so it was a little out of place down here. Okay, because you have some of that up here. So I might, you might move that comment up here

[571:10] Shonda Whitworth: somewhere. Okay. Yeah, make it smaller. And now let's come back, because now

[572:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going into like what's included, and then basically price, this is where you get down to brass tacks at the bottom of the landing page,

[574:00] Shonda Whitworth: right? And then I'm gonna do the price. Now, like I said, I haven't put the price on there yet, because I'm still working that out on the pricing. And if I remember right, in your membership training, you talked about giving a discount, and they pay you like a year at a time, like a three month discount, because most people only stick around for nine months anyway. And some

[581:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: stick around for five months, even some stick around only for three, I would say. It's funny. I've seen I've seen a range of that, where people stick around for all 12 months, they stick around for six, nine and even three months. Do I know what that tells you to? Is that tells you kind of at the point where people feel like they no longer need it, or they're not being served.

[586:57] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, well, I've got seven that have been with me since June. Yeah. Oh, good. Yeah, that's awesome. So they've been with me? And that's on a month to month, they can cancel at any time. Yeah. And so they they've been, they've been

[590:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: we haven't, then then again, yeah, you don't want to discount your, your yearly too much. Again, I don't even have a necessarily a yearly discount, I just have the same rate monthly or yearly. That's another approach to take.

[594:11] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I told him, I mean, I told everybody and I told people on the last offer, and I've told him in December, I sent out emails to the email list, it's no longer going to be at $97 a month. And so the price is going up, I haven't decided what that price is going to be at this point.

[598:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: 147 177 or 197.

[599:54] Shonda Whitworth: Okay.

[600:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could offer at that point, when you raise it to that level two, you could offer a coupon like my mom does for the first month to get like 100 off.

[604:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: You may be wondering why I haven't done that. I don't need to. So not Yeah, my mom's kind of need, people need to try it out. So that she finds that that helps them try it out? Well,

[608:04] Shonda Whitworth: one of the things I was thinking about doing was on the pricing is having a one price for you know, 12 months that they want to jump all in, they would have that 30 days money back guarantee thing. And that'd be one price and then another price for those that want to go month to month. Okay. And, and

[614:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: and there's no money back on that. They

[614:30] Shonda Whitworth: can they will get the trial, they will get the seven day trial,

[615:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay to give them a seven day on the month to month to give them 30 days if they do the whole year that makes that's good. That's reasonable. I know a lot of different people that do that. That's great.

[618:38] Shonda Whitworth: I think that's good. That way, it's a win win for them. They have a way out and they remorse like oh, I didn't mean to do this or whatever. One

[621:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: generally it just more just they that's where you can get better at your selling, you can get better at adding a little bit more to it. qualifying people better. That's really what that boils down to. It's just who you qualified.

[624:49] Shonda Whitworth: The I realized in my sales presentation. I'm not connecting with the heart enough. Yeah. And that's what I'm going to work on this next year is more with connecting look

[629:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: at their questions to that they asked in the first 30 days. I did have about the last six months, I had a few people who left after 30 days. And all of them had one of the same questions. They wanted a training on how to use System IO. So guess what, that's why I've added it. Because I realized, okay, if only I probably had that they probably would have stayed. And so, you know, System IO is is a thing. I saw Alex her moseys investing in school, you know, so I'm taking a look at that, as well. School looks pretty interesting.

[639:34] Shonda Whitworth: And that's the CRM It's a it's a,

[640:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like teachable. It's like Thinkific. Okay, but it has Facebook groups, it has groups in it as well, which is kind of cool. So it kind of is like an all in one type of a thing. It would be an undertaking for me to kind of move everything over to that. But

[643:45] Shonda Whitworth: yeah, and I am going to work on migrating, I'm not going to stick with Dell says

[644:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's school is just okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think I That's why I haven't moved over to it. I think that with whatever Hermoza is doing, listen, if they add like AI, as well to it, and a lot of the features that I like and Kajabi and think if ik, then I'll probably move everything over to that, you know, I believe it should add AI though that like, it can actually, like understand your training and then create like a bot that your people have access to. I think that'd be really cool. Okay, um, anyways, all right. All right. Well, I

[655:41] Shonda Whitworth: appreciate that. I got a lot of feedback from you. And I'll be getting more welcome out of otter that you have here. And, and rewatching this thing. Cool. I appreciate it.

[658:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Adele, are you able to talk right now?

[659:40] Adele Best: Yeah, I've pulled over I'm in a Gary's car park close to my home. So all right, I posted I posted. I posted the PDF in the group. I haven't put it on a landing page yet because I won't get it. I want to get your feedback and probably tweak it and then I'll put it in the landing page. And also I completely broke chat, GBT. I like it. I like burnt it up. And then it locked me out for four hours. And I couldn't get back to me every day. Yeah. And then half past midnight, and I found out I thought up to half one, and then I have to get up at work. So

[669:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's why I pay for all these other AI tools that I don't need to pay for so that I can

[670:29] Adele Best: keep going. Yeah, sure. Oh, I've got Paul and I forgot that I have, I could have Oh,

[671:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: as well the playground, if you get access to GPT. Four in the playground. The playground is another crazy one. Because I can I can load up. I actually did an analysis of one of my one on one clients, I loaded 100 pages of content into it, and how to analyze it that was based on client testimonies. I had to analyze like six years of his business in one front.

[678:33] Adele Best: I see I see. My other business is a transcription business. So I've been using otter for years and my transcription company. So how do you get access to playground? Remind me how you get

[681:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that? So you should be able to I? This is something I

[683:03] Adele Best: brought in?

[683:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's open AI. Okay, open ai.com. Log in, and then you create an account right here. And then I think that gives you access to it. I don't know if it gives you access to GPT four, or GPT four turbo right away though.

[688:04] Adele Best: Okay, let's,

[688:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's take a look. Let's see. Because

[689:26] Adele Best: I know that because what I'm going to be doing is like probably using honor to like take other master classes and like, I want to be able

[691:27] Cassandra McKissack: to playground

[691:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: and see what happens. Yeah, we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it live on the fly right here. That's something that I like to do if I'm like, I don't know what happens when you do it. Well, let's do it. Let's see what happens. All right, there we go. Oh, see, that's the thing. That's literally the account I already have. No, this is I wanted to use this email address.

[700:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, there we go. I don't know why they need my birthday. But there we go. I added 1111 years to my life. Okay. Yeah. So chat GBT API, this is the playground mode. So playground is right here. Chat. does not give you GBT four. So that's the thing. So it looks like you have to request GPT four. Once you're in playground. What playground basically is, is it's it's, it's like it gives you the sliders and everything to be able to do different stuff. Polo. Polo is probably the next best thing to use in the playground though. So since you since New since most people don't get access to GPT foreign playground. See, if I log into playground, I got like a whole mode that lets me have access to GPT for turbo and everything like that. Because I've been using it for so long. You sort of have to like earn the right to be able to do that. Yeah. And you have to basically you have to like use their platform a little bit at this level. Yeah, I got it.

[719:46] Speaker 1: Let's see You asked question.

[721:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: The API What brings you here today API? I'm talking to Chad GBT about chat GBT. How do I get GPT for turbo access? Because he would cheat for turbo is like the crazy one right here. Alright. DBT for turbo, lets you put 300 pages into a single prompt, it's, it's pretty cool. How do I get access anybody with an account that has existing GPT for access? Okay, so you need to get existing GPT for access. So that's actually the question that we're looking for, is how do I access GPT for if you're a pay as you go customer and you made a successful payment of $1 or more, Oh, okay.

[735:10] Adele Best: Oh, that's all okay. There we go.

[735:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you just have to use it a little bit, which, that's cool. That's good to know. So that's easy, then you could you could use, you could use it a little bit with like 3.5 Turbo. Pay some content in here habit, and then it'll show you your usage here. And it'll tell you how much you used. And basically, it limits you to $5 of usage, once you hit $1. And then they charge you they'll give you GPT for access through playground. And it's a pay as you go access to they charge you based on how much you use yesterday using a 200 page or a 50 page prompt. I spent $90 of the API in like 30 minutes so that's something to be aware of. You can really rack up a big bill if you're not careful. But it's powerful if you really want that sort of like I felt like I feel like I have like crazy powers when I can do that. So

[753:06] Speaker 1: yeah all right.

[753:41] Speaker 2: There you go. So

[754:02] Adele Best: yeah, what my plan is my plan is to test two different offers one in the NOC and narcissistic abuse so I'm going to test a group offer I'm gonna go straight to group because I spent three months last year doing one on one for absolutely nothing really just to get testimonials and I've got about four or five testimonials. But I also want

[758:58] Speaker 2: to other than most people but I

[759:55] Adele Best: also want to run I also want to use a trauma work and then resell like I bought a lot of business coaching and I want to resell that on. So I want to I want to have like my Facebook page to sell business offers and then I'm going to sell narcissistic abuse coaching on Instagram. So that's the plan. So this offer here is I'm going to I'm going to test it next week on my Facebook page just organically while I get the landing page built and the So last night I ran out of time so I haven't got my bio I don't have any financial testimonies from other people apart from stuff I've done in my transcription business is the only stuff I have to kind of

[773:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: working with you okay so in business it's a very it's a very weird question but so so your business hit six figures

[777:06] Speaker 1: Yeah, amazing.

[777:56] Adele Best: I basically built a prison from Yeah,

[778:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that happens to most people.

[779:43] Adele Best: The problem is I could the problem is I couldn't steal it because even though I tried to bring people in I still wasn't the offers was still too low price and I didn't have the volume so I couldn't feel it

[783:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and I would separate out some of these sentences just a little bit um this is a little bit confusing. So again, this is where we want to talk about like what are we what's the goal of creating one of these offers

[791:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: grow your business with an irresistible offer that that that I mean gosh, if you blow up your bank I hope you don't go to prison but oh, you're muted

[795:59] Adele Best: Oh, yeah, sorry. I mean, like blew up your income mechanics or income that's what I mean. Like, blow

[797:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: up your bank account. Yeah. Okay, so right away when I see this because here's the thing. I think your copy here is good. Good, but I'm immediately if I put myself in the shoes of like somebody reading this, skeptical of this

[802:53] Speaker 0: a little bit. Okay.

[803:25] Speaker 1: So yeah,

[803:48] Adele Best: I did use chat TPT and I wasn't totally happy with everything you gave me.

[805:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is because that this part is where you really want to, like paint a picture of what's that kind of outcome as well as. So if you're talking to an ambitious entrepreneur, they want to scale an offer

[809:11] Adele Best: so they want to move to high they want to move from low ticket offers on being burned down to high ticket offers and having loads of spaciousness in their life.

[811:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, move from Okay, so that's good. So again, that might be and this is a free offer right here.

[813:56] Adele Best: So this is I'm gonna run it as a paid masterclass, I'm not doing a free masterclass, and I'm not doing a five day challenge that doesn't fit my lifestyle, I want to do a two hour masterclass that they'll have to pay for maybe, maybe like 27, or 47. And then on and then off the masterclass, I'm gonna record it, so I can sell it later for like, couple of 100 pounds, and then I'm going to offer them my offer, my offer will be two and a half K offer pack of 10 hours working with me whether that for calls to yard, whether that to VIP days, whatever way I'm going to offer as a one on one initially to test it, Pan ours with me

[825:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that a $27 $47 offer in this space, especially when you're just starting out, you may not have very many people show up for that or buy it. And so that's why,

[828:59] Adele Best: to me because it's too high or too low. No,

[829:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's because it's too is too high as far as the initial offer goes. Okay, but and this is where it's kinda like, you're trying to show the balance of like, now here's where though, you might be able to make it be a value add. And I've seen somebody do this, and I liked it in their copy. As they said, they actually addressed the fact stop running free workshops. That was in their copy. So now because they said that, for you to be accountable to what you're going to teach. You have to charge for it. And now yeah. That's a good thing.

[839:55] Adele Best: Yeah, kind of thinking hot selling. If I'm selling a high end offer and then the masterclass is free, it just doesn't feel

[841:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, totally, you know, and that's the thing. Where too, though, if you're charging for the offer, it may

[844:47] Speaker 1: it may

[845:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: you may not get as many people as you're wanting. So my whole reason for doing free is to have volume of people. And like you said, so I think a lot of what you're dealing with here is what I don't want to happen is I don't want you to have only like one person or nobody show up. So if that happens, we can go on and maybe rework the like the initial approach to where to where you're going to teach how to do high ticket. But it might be just for you to get some people in front of you, you might still need to do like a free entry level.

[854:15] Adele Best: Okay. Maybe it's a startup free and see how that goes. If it doesn't work, then I'll try. Hey, I'll just test it both ways.

[856:16] Speaker 1: Yeah. Just yeah.

[859:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm trying to I'm trying to land on what's wrong with this here.

[860:32] Adele Best: So I was really trying to like think what is the ultimate outcome, so that I wanted to convey

[862:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: burnout, doing a whole bunch of stuff without little return to getting specialized and specific to something that's profitable, without having to work a whole bunch of hours to make it work for you. And that's where dialing in. I think that's what you want to convey up here

[868:31] Speaker 1: is

[870:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: establishing your authority and creating an offer that so that's where that's where I'm really just I'm focused on this, this opening headline here more than that, because that needs to that needs to be really clear as far as that goes. So let me try something here. off of what we just talked about. Let me see if I can if I can. If I can pull otter in and bring that into some chat GBT. And kind of more Here's the two together, can you rewrite the following headline, but do it based on the context of the coaching interaction call transcript below as your guideline headline to rewrite. So we're going to take this headline right here in

[887:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: coaching interaction transcript, then I'm going to take what we just talked about. Copy that. I'm gonna copy that. For the sake of my example, you won't see it on my screen, but I'm copying it to a text document so I can make it just be what we're talking about. So if I look up, Dell where's the first time Dell? Yeah, I hold. No. There we go. Okay. So what I did was I actually found on the transcript where you said that so now I know. That's where our conversation starts. Yeah, I'm bringing this into here. So now this is just what we talked about. So now let's see what it can rewrite basically the context the coaching interaction, massive the auto high end offers transform your entrepreneurial journey from burnout to breakthrough with high value strategies, no more low ticket hustle.

[905:48] Adele Best: I like to hustle to

[906:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: the right so that's the idea of

[907:12] Adele Best: and I really liked the I really liked the way it calls it the arts because I think I think reading offers is a skill, but it's also an art. But I was trying to think of like a really just like a really overarching Cool name to give it offer. Because I want to do like a really cool graphic to go with it. No, that's great. And I wanted to convey luxury I was trying to convey like, luxury and also 10 axing your income. So I don't know how you it's like really hard to think of names that because they laxing up your offers so that you're taxing your income

[918:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cassandra Can you you can either share it in the chat here, you can post it in the Facebook group. So let's see. What about this

[922:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: mastering high end offers escape the burnout cycle and endless hours for minimal return shift from a trickle to a windfall of cash and your business experience or experiment. You could say a torrent. I don't know if anybody knows what it's for. It means rewrite.

[927:02] Adele Best: I think there were I think there were torrents it's a bit GBT ish

[928:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: say goodbye to so much work for little money, you make your business go from a small drip to a big flow. Flow in your bed. Yeah, that's like very that's like way too childish. But, you know, you kind of combine all these together, that gives you some ideas combined into one headline, you know, well copy all that under their master high in offers break free from little work, too much work for little pay and grow your business from a small stream to a big river with smart strategies. Some like that. And then.

[937:29] Adele Best: Yeah, so the original like copy that I originally put in the copy, her offer was called luxr offer, which I thought was pretty cool. Because it's saying what the offer is doing is laxing up your offer. So I need something like that. In that vein of it. Yeah. You know, elevating your offer up to a higher level of clients.

[943:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's the other thing too. You want to use the language of the people that you're going to be connecting with so a lux Lux up your offer could be one kind of a play on words like sex up your offer, but luxon

[947:21] Adele Best: Yeah, I like that. Yeah, definitely. I think that's really

[948:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: up you're off. I think that that's kind of cool. looks up your offer. Yeah. From from lots of work for little little outcome, bro. You know, something like that along those lines for your headline. So I think that that would start to but

[952:12] Adele Best: yeah, so then what would the objection be even if you are

[953:50] Speaker 4: over the objection being? You

[954:24] Adele Best: said that you always have an objection in your headline either way. It's like blah, blah, blah, even if so what's the what's the basic objection then? 10 possible objections?

[957:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or 20 possible objections someone might have to this too expensive practicality doubts Do I really need the level of luxury, value questioning. Is it really worth the high price? Sustainable worry, sustainability worries. Okay, so we're talking about we're not talking about, specifically we're talking about. So here's another thing too. By the way, one thing that's not clear is what industry you're actually helping them create and offer it.

[967:21] Adele Best: Yeah, so I was gonna just imminent coaches, because I have about 50,000. Coaches friend requesting me at the minute. So everyone on my list seems to be a coach. So

[970:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, unfortunately, people are trained to do that. I can't afford how I see a rate of return sounds too complex. Doesn't seem tailored for my niche. I don't have enough time for high end programs. Fear of change, I'm skeptical about the effectiveness, lack of personalization. Seems to elite not inclusive. Yeah, I mean, this is good. Okay, there you write the headline above and include a few objection.

[982:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's terrible.

[982:48] Adele Best: That's really bad.

[983:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, you know what? Govt plugins mode to but even if you think people don't have the time or money or won't invest with you, that could be it. Or you don't feel to charge more for what you do?

[987:50] Adele Best: Yeah, I think confident,

[988:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: competent for charging for that people don't have the time or money to invest or you lack the confidence to increase. And that's really one of the things to kind of do is to think about, like, what some of that is, elevate your coaching, even if you think people lack time, money, or you're unsure about raising your prices. Yeah, that's really you're speaking to somebody, you're looking for people to have really cheap coaching. Like they're only charging $97 A session.

[996:26] Adele Best: Totally like I mean that that's narcissistic abuse, trauma coaching certification I did. Every one of them are launching, and they're all charging, like such little rate for a couple either. I'm like, I wonder,

[1000:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wonder how much crossover there might be to some of these people that you're working with? They want to coach but they've dealt with abuse, so they don't see their value.

[1002:38] Adele Best: I totally see that.

[1003:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: A blend of those two worlds. Yeah,

[1004:12] Adele Best: I'm actually friend requesting all those people, because I think they will be it's that kind of coach that I want to target like that, that maybe just starting out. But they're still massively undervaluing their work.

[1007:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to know who you're talking to right here. You're talking to me six years ago, because that's, that's where I was, as I as I did not believe that I was worth charging what I do for coaching. And I, I had such a desire to validate myself to people that I was under charging, because I wanted people I used to say this, I just want you to use me,

[1013:31] Adele Best: I want you to Yes. And it's and it's not like codependency because of trauma. So that's where I want to bring the drama work. So let them see. It's not about you and separate you from the business and start focusing on the people you're serving. Raise up your rates so that you can serve those high level people. And that's kind of the angle I wanted to bring in with. Okay,

[1018:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: so now what we're doing is we're really talking about something that's a little bit deeper and nuanced with that. So let's bring some of this into it now.

[1022:48] Adele Best: Maybe my statement of hits four needs to change to reflect that.

[1024:34] Speaker 1: We're gonna do who

[1024:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's for. I took our transcript of what we just said, a lot higher overcome self doubt and transform your business. If you think your clients can afford it worry about time, or doubt your worth. charge more. Yeah, that's totally that's a pretty good headline right there.

[1028:35] Adele Best: Yeah, like that. High School. Yeah. Yeah.

[1030:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where I would even go through the process. You know, what are five common straw struggles or pain points. List out five daily frustrations. What are objections? These people might have. Make ADA copy and PHAs copy. Great, a USP and just I'm just gonna have a do it all. Um, attracting, retaining high end clients overcoming impostor syndrome.

[1038:38] Adele Best: impostor syndrome is a big one. Yeah, I

[1039:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: think the hours in marketing with little return. So Here's what we're talking about right here, by the way, I mean, you're you're, you're speaking to a lot of people even that are in our group, you're speaking to a lot of the people that we all connect with that you're connected with here, you know, in the accelerator. But that was me when I started with my coaching it because I had, it was such a crazy mindset I had I had so much success that I doubted I could charge anything for it.

[1046:45] Adele Best: Yeah, I see my trauma manifested more in being scared of being seen visibly online. But

[1048:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't worried that I wanted people to see me more.

[1049:58] Adele Best: I feel like I feel like I feel like I've broken through that noise. So I'm ready to

[1051:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: go. You're stuck in the cycle of low paying gigs, feeling overworked, underpaid, it's exhausting. Yeah, I need to transition from low paying gigs to high value clients.

[1053:39] Adele Best: Yeah.

[1054:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or a $27.02 hour masterclass. So now, what we're dealing with here, and this is kind of, I'm gonna send you this chat. GBT thread. Thank you. Thank you, you can kind of continue it. So I'm not even going to dive much deeper into a lot of this because I think that take some of this. But the angle that we're taking is kind of a new angle. Now, are you a coach tirelessly, trying to make a difference, but feeling like your potential is out of reach? If you ever find yourself questioning your rates and overwhelmed by a saturated market? Yeah. Coaches grappling with spending countless hours on marketing with minimal results, juggling admin tasks. So I'm going to stand out dealing with the roller coaster having the underlying fear of raising prices worrying and might drive clients away. Yep. Yeah. These are really underlying things. And then we could take what you have here, you do. Combine this sales copy above, with the sales with my SAS might be below into your sales letter. I'm gonna paste yours in there. Yeah, perfect. Now let's see kind of how it might, it might merge the two.

[1076:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you ready to redefine your success and transform your business model? If you're not, that's exactly what I need. I've walked the path you're on right now, despite hitting six figures felt drained questioning if it was all worth it. But then I discovered the game changer high ticket. So again, I'm not necessarily liking that. But we'll take this and then we'll say, okay, rewrite the above again, but make it for this person and their desires. Which

[1086:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is how I used to add up to a lot I stop it. Yeah.

[1088:17] Adele Best: Bring it back in. It's

[1088:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: working. Yeah. Like you're hitting a wall. I've been where you are, understand the struggles. tracting high paying clients building competence, overcoming postures. So it's kind of merging the two together, I would sit with some of this play around with it. And yeah, kind of go from there. Yeah,

[1093:50] Adele Best: awesome. Thank you so much. So what I'm gonna do is while I'm building the landing page again, and resetting up the pixel and the ads, what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna start posting content on my Facebook page, and I'm gonna put a link sell out, like, sell it on all my stories and see if I get any interest. And so if I wanted to generate some Facebook posts, is there a prompt that I could stick in the end of that and then I'll just, I'm just going to start posting my Facebook posts. Now what

[1101:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like to do for any kind of organic Facebook posts is act as if you are an expert in organic Facebook, marketing and create a highly engaging and sometimes I might say polarizing Yeah. To talk about this topic to invite people to register. or above. Oh, by the way, I shared that Adele that Facebook posts thing, chat GPT actually, they so they just released yesterday, this thing called the GPT store. And so you can actually find all these GPS from people. You can look them up, but they made me make mine private because they said that it had the trademark word Facebook in it. So they made it to anybody else could access it, unfortunately. All right, yeah. Anyways, this is kind of how you would you would do this and you might even make this custom instructions or you could make that kind of

[1118:22] Adele Best: kind of like pick it. I'll take whatever it says and then put it more in the way I'd say it but to put basically is the theory then I should be posting, like, should I be agitating the problem like, like agitating content or more desire content or,

[1121:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, when it comes to organic content, one of my theories is that you can really only like talk about one small aspect of it of the conversation. So I might make one post that agitates it another that's encouraging. Another one that shows empathy, another one that super direct and possibly piss people off. But those are all going to be kind of four separate posts, as far as

[1128:16] Speaker 0: Yeah, so I'm going to be making those as videos.

[1129:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how I like to do it. And then I'll take my video transcripts and turn that into like different pieces of content.

[1131:31] Adele Best: Awesome. Well, I'm gonna pass all this out next week. So thank you so much. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I'm also I'm gonna follow the same process. Then over the weekend for the narc abuse group coaching and if I put it in, put it in the group. Will you have a look at it next week?

[1135:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sure. Let's do it. I'm gonna tag you in here. And then we'll we'll take a look at Sue's. I just took the chat GBT just like what we did together here. And I just put it here into perfect.

[1139:43] Adele Best: Thanks so much. I'll pick it up and then do my best with it. And then it's gone. Next

[1140:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: one, one last thing I'll share with you just for content creation sake. Something I've been doing the last week. It's been really fun. The other day I went for a drive. And I said things that I could never say publicly but I just ranted and raved into my phone into otter and just like spit balled for like 30 minutes while I drove around all my thoughts that I was feeling on a specific topic. And then I had Jaggi Beatty, analyze it give me a ways to express this better to people show me angles on how maybe I can have more empathy for people. And it was really cool at the gate. It gave me a lot of insight as to how to communicate my thoughts and feelings to people better, though. I need to try that. And then I turned it into content from there, which was cool. So but yeah, it was kind of fun. This whole and I did it. I did it this morning while I was getting ready, like 20 minutes. I just like monologue and the otter AI just like my thoughts like no rhyme or reason. Just I mean, if anybody listened to it, I feel embarrassed. Let's put it that way. There was quite a few cuss words in there too.

[1158:22] Adele Best: Yeah, cuz you're like you and I just write it in the way people think in their head. I was like, I hope people can't hear inside my head because it's totally

[1160:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally No, I do that too. And then I'd have chat GBT refined a little bit. All right, Sue, let's take a look at yours. How are you doing today? Sue?

[1163:05] Sue McGarvie: Hey, Jeremiah. Um, I'm working way I am doing my thing. So I did a video I'm way better at video than this. The copywriting though. I've been using chat GPT to do my headlines and you know I liked your prompt about you know, in the style of Dan Kennedy and sort of seasoned copywriters that greater reaction How would you write this? They're still a little bland and not what I would say I totally Yeah, I'm doing a workbook and it's you know, it's not it's not perfect, but it anyway, that's the thing. I would love feedback on the video.

[1173:47] Speaker 6: I posted video.

[1174:29] Sue McGarvie: Copywriting but same stuff. What do you think most

[1175:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: almost exactly what I said to Adele is kind of like, how just spitballing into something that can record you. That's what I call it when I'm just like, stream of consciousness is talking off the cuff and then have the AI kind of recrafted in some different ways. And then I'll one thing that I like Do you have the iPhone version of chat, GBT? Yep. Because I like that I can then I can, I can paste it in there. And then I can just start to like, talk into chat GBT and tell it how I would do it differently. Okay, and that's the way that I that's actually how I write a lot of my own copy and stuff like that and even do a lot of reviews.

[1185:56] Speaker 6: So okay, let's go get some since

[1186:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: your since you love doing that video and spoke again i I'm with you there I can't just sit down and write my thoughts great dialogue it really well. Jeremiah

[1190:16] Sue McGarvie: wrong video it should be outside just to check and that's that's inviting people to speed dating and what you can certainly look at it it's talking about my speed dating events. No, no, I am. You keep chatting. I am so sorry. I am going to have to I just even listen to it. But it's not the one that's going on the video because I've just had a blonde moment and you know, and in the meantime, we talked about something that I just posted in the Facebook group. I spent our last night trying to get the what you do the Facebook live stream on my Zoom calls. I googled it I'm you know before I'm going to ask Whew, dumb question. Yeah, there. I did. Oh, yeah, that and I will get this up so we can do the right one is

[1201:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is covered in the Zoom training. Let me find the lesson that it's covered in. Um, it's so funny because it's almost impossible for me to show you while we're on Zoom. That's right, the crappy part about it? Because it won't let me show you the Zoom interface while we're here in zoom together. Okay, so when you did it, let me ask you this,

[1208:32] Sue McGarvie: it didn't know the things they said was going to show up as a prompt showed up.

[1210:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: None of the stuff they said were, well,

[1211:29] Sue McGarvie: I Googled it, and it said go to zoom and it go to meetings and go to and then it should link to your Facebook and none of that happened. So I

[1214:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I gotcha. So one of those issues is that it might be that you don't have it activated in your Zoom account. Okay. And so there's a, there's some settings in zoom. Let me log in. There's some settings in zoom, where you basically turn on the ability for you to stream into a group.

[1219:33] Sue McGarvie: See, I need get it like, I thought I'm going to spend an hour on this. I'm going to ask Jeremiah and he's gonna it's gonna be like a 32nd solution. Okay, thank

[1221:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, so it's under settings here. And then you can actually do search Facebook. There it is live stream. And you have to like put a checkmark next to Facebook.

[1225:27] Sue McGarvie: Okay. I knew it was something dumb. I'm thinking, Why is this not working? It's not

[1226:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: working. Under Settings. I think by default, I think it's turned off. Right?

[1227:54] Sue McGarvie: Because I want to, you know, because I said I had 70 people on my Zoom call. Yeah. Tuesday night, I did my Fireside Chat. I've already had, you know, sort of 20 people sign up for the monthly $8 Out of that, you know, buy me a latte is kind of how I'm going with it. Yeah. But I thought if I could post it to Facebook, I have a huge audience there. And that's if I'm preaching to the choir is my big problem is I've been saying that I need to not be doing the same thing over and over again, and st st. People, which are great, and I love them, and thank them very much for doing, you know, all of those nice things, but it's not the it's not where I need to go. I need new people.

[1239:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see in here. And this is one way that I do this too, because we have the transcripts here. Facebook, you can see that I mentioned even in the Facebook group Facebook group. It's not talk a lot about it right there. I think it's under using the zoom apps the right way.

[1244:51] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yeah, so you have to you also have to add in zoom to the Facebook group as Oh,

[1246:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's true. You're right. Yep.

[1248:07] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I just taught somebody this last week.

[1248:59] Sue McGarvie: Thank you so much.

[1249:23] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Actually, right. I have a I have two YouTube videos that I did showing exactly how to do this. So I recorded them for her I forgotten I did. Hold I just go and grab. So So

[1252:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so in a in a group. As an admin, they have these group settings right here. And then you scroll down under Apps. Right you actually add zoom as an app to the group so that's one of the first things otherwise it won't even show

[1257:03] Sue McGarvie: up so yeah, that's what I'm getting I'm getting it's not showing up I didn't All right, is that the video right here? It is the right video this time. Thank you for the patience Jeremiah.

[1259:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh no, you're fine. All right, let's see

[1260:54] Sue McGarvie: the land device and snow yep

[1261:17] Speaker 6: software I had all kinds of people write your fears. I was so sad for them and moved for them.

[1263:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love your energy. It's so good yes 20 stylo

[1265:02] Speaker 2: yeah

[1265:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the time, but I can tell you're really good at this. This is like okay, let me pause it i powerful principal lien on your strengths. This is a video is clearly a strength. For sure. So yeah, the more people can see you on video, the more you're going to connect with them.

[1270:58] Speaker 6: Wow. 2024 amazing finding love in 2024 That is my thing. I'm going to do this when I

[1272:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: started back over

[1273:46] Speaker 6: a workshop where I had all kinds of people write their fears. How was so sad for them and moved for them? It was like I fear of the unknown fear. I'm not

[1276:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: whoopsie who was going to see this video. That's my question. I'm

[1277:53] Sue McGarvie: just gonna go I'm thinking it was going to be you know, it was my first effort on my new Facebook ads. You know, because I set up

[1280:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing I'm thinking is I automatically go like, on Facebook? Will they know what you do who you are when they see the ad? Or is that going to be a question in their mind? Like, Who is this lady? Why does she have people's fears on? That's

[1284:44] Sue McGarvie: probably fair, if I was watching the middle Robins,

[1286:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: see some weird masochist that has these fears of people, and she just walks around with them all day, you know? I know, I know, this is the right word, but like, it's like a very weird, you know, it was like, but like, that would be the thought of people like, wow, why is that? What is what is she doing with this info? You know, actually, right away? That's my thought in the first 1015 seconds. And so if we can help them understand. And the way I would do it, is I would say, you know, my name is Su. Is it McGarvey as you say,

[1294:23] Sue McGarvie: RB clinical therapist? Yep. Yep.

[1295:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I've been a and again, if they block you from saying sex therapists, you could say,

[1297:14] Sue McGarvie: just as well, I can. Sure I can say psychologist. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

[1298:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I just got done doing a workshop where people were, they wrote down their fears. And so you explain where those came from, why you have them. And that paints a picture of your authority, your experience and all of that all within 1015 seconds, which is cool. That's one tweak I would make.

[1304:17] Speaker 6: Yours. How was so sad for them and moved for them. It was like I fear of the unknown fear, I'm not going to be dateable worry, I'm going to die alone. stuck at home watching Netflix all the time by myself terrified of what I'm Santa first date, thinking I'm not worthy. And it's hard. It's really hard. And I know that we've got a plan to make 2024 Amazing finding love in 2024.

[1313:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then, here's where when you say but we got a plan to make 2024. And the there's a slight nuanced way, I would say that.

[1320:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oops, just froze. No, I'm still here, I think. Okay. I'm trying to like, I'm trying to process this is where I sort of like when I when I think of this stuff, I try to I have to go like intuitive, instinctual to think about how to say it. Let me rewatch it again, and I'm like, get it. So again, I think I think some way to validate your experience and track record and some statement as to why you hosted the workshop will help

[1328:27] Speaker 6: workshop where I had all kinds of people write your fears.

[1329:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: pose so and that doesn't have to be super wordy. Just something. Yeah, that's fine, sweet for

[1331:21] Speaker 6: them and moved for them. It was like I grew up the unknown Syrah not going to be dateable worried I'm gonna die alone, stuck in home watching Netflix all the time by myself terrified of what I'm seeing on a first date. And thinking I'm not worthy. And it's it's really hard. And I know that we've got a plan.

[1338:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: But we've got a plan. My first thought is this

[1341:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: because it's somebody watching an ad, makes what makes you think I want to plan. So it's the skepticism. It's the like, you know, what makes you think I want to change this as far. So obviously, though, if they're still watching, they have validated that but it's like, there's a way to word that where it's like, okay, when I do as I go you might say Does any of this sound like you? Okay? It 2024 does not have to be the same as the last year or the year before or the year before that. And if you if you want to change that, I have a plan for you. So kind of painting that bridge to the plan to where they're to where they're qualifying themselves of do I want to change that? Do I want that this year to be different? And now what that does is that gives them I always love this anytime that we're creating a an ad or a landing page or an offer as I try to give people an out especially in the ad because then if they continue Watching and they click, they have essentially said, Yes, I want that plan. As far as that goes

[1362:17] Speaker 6: 2024 Amazing finding love in 2024 That is my thing. I'm going to do this if you don't know me, my name is Sunil Garvey, and a clinical sex and relationship therapist and have been helping people date for more than 30 years. It's my superpower. I honestly I am a so you

[1366:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: wouldn't repeat your I would say, I've been helping people date for the last 30 years. It's my superpower.

[1369:28] Speaker 6: What I do better because I'm a strength is help you figure out how to get fitter fear and do it anyway, how to get past it.

[1371:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: See? What's the age demographic? Who are the ones you're reaching? Over? 40. Okay, what do you think they might be turned off by the term shrink?

[1374:36] Sue McGarvie: I'm sure I can go. It's a very it's very much a Canadian term. So you're right. Maybe that's

[1376:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: what do you think?

[1376:29] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I like to you like it? Okay, okay. You're gonna help me fix my head. That's great. Yeah, it

[1378:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: might work, I think, I think yeah, leave it. That's good. Okay.

[1380:24] Speaker 6: So, these fireside chats every it

[1381:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: might be because I'm a millennial, I don't like the word.

[1383:03] Speaker 6: Next one is genuine. I'm inviting you to join me. And it's just they're free. And it's about doing this. And we're going to talk specifically about getting past the fear. But if you go to find love in 2020 four.com, that's it. Just find love in 2014. For I have a download about all this specific post pandemic dating hacks. And I have a new one just for people watching this, which are still here's of how to get past it. We're gonna talk. Okay, so

[1391:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: now another, there's another like, little skepticism thing. A download? That can mean a lot of things. Is it an app? Is it a? Is it a, like, so you're describing what it is? But it's a PDF, right? Alright. It is. Okay. And it's an it's short, it's not long? No, it's short.

[1400:40] Sue McGarvie: How long is it? Basically a page and a half. Okay. Oh,

[1401:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. So that I would actually say that. I have a page and a half download. It'll take you just a couple of minutes to go over. Yeah. But that couple of minutes might be what's going to actually change your situation this year for you. And you could say that or something along those lines, and then explain kind of what it does

[1407:24] Speaker 6: want you to join me crying contribution to the planet. My desire is to prove love but all over the world and have people like that find their perfect spark. So as we all need to find love in 2024 This is our thing. And I'm going to help you get past this terrifying, paralyzing fear of being by yourself and getting out there walking into a place by yourself of having a first date of saying yes and worried you're going to be all the bad things that have been online scammers, etc. Talking about going online

[1417:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: and Tinder swindler

[1418:07] Speaker 6: plan that includes hybrid real people, community support, information, education, all kinds of love, hugs, chocolate lovers date of saying yes and worried you're going to be all the bad things that have been on online scammers, etc. Now talking about going online and throwing mud and hoping for the best I'm talking about a strategic plan that includes hybrid real people community support, instead

[1424:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: of a strategic planning can say a process that works. It's worked for the people I've worked with, and it'll, and I believe it'll work for you as well. Okay, good suggestion, and maybe leave it at that instead of explaining that there's a community and all this.

[1429:02] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, yeah, that's, that's a great suggestion.

[1429:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kinda like, education. You sort of re scripted this video. It's like, it's like 80% of the way there. I think just read scripting it just a little bit was what I mentioned. I think I'll make it even better. I like it. Yeah. Awesome. Um, no, man. It's there's a lot of dating scams. You're right. I was so upset when I watched the tinder splint swindler.

[1435:45] Sue McGarvie: And it was pretty upsetting for sure. I think I may have to take scammer off, because that's gonna probably get me blocked on Facebook. Now that I know that I've heard it again and I'm like, oh, Facebook's not gonna like that. They're gonna get mad at me.

[1438:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe try it out. If so, then you can, yeah.

[1441:00] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. Yeah, I, you know, I'm assuming it's going to get blocked because every single one does. And I'm trying to figure out where it is. So I'm thinking scammer mate to make bring some bells for maybe. Yeah, yeah. You know, bad things happen. So yeah, let me try. Oh, it's

[1445:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: true. It's very true. Gosh, I remember I was online dating. And back in the day, I did something so stupid. I drove three hours to meet up with somebody in a hotel room, and they didn't show up. And I had the hotel room. And I'm thankful that didn't show up. But gosh, I could have like gotten I had no proof they were real person. This was back in like, and I drove all the way to San Francisco from

[1453:46] Sue McGarvie: it was crazy. That is crazy. Well, they say 37% currently is our 37%. So more than one in more than a third. Yeah,

[1456:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: this was like this was like, that was like in 20 those in like, 2008. For me, I was just, I made a lot of dumb choices. And I remember I had a buddy like, he was like, he's like, Dude, that was a stupidest thing I've ever done like, and he like, he's like, you literally could have gotten like, killed. Like, think about that. I was so like, like, when it came to people, like trusting of everybody. Way too much. And then I got really skeptical of everybody and I'm like anymore.

[1465:57] Sue McGarvie: No, you still you still actually have a big heart. And you know, Jeremiah, you're doing great. And you have you said did this you know what I didn't tell you this, but I you know, I watched a couple of your mom's stuff that you do. And the part that I liked the best was how she mentioned at least three times about her genius son about she spoke about that honestly, that was most endearing you know, because I you know, I'm pretty secular as we are in Canada. So I haven't you know, at times when it gets when it find it gets to biblical I find I tune out but part two, was was the best. I thought she was really great about that. And I it oh, I don't know if you've watched that again. But if you're having a bad day, your mother loves you. Yeah,

[1478:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do. I do know that it's funny. I

[1480:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's it. That's a conversation I might need to unpack. Yeah, okay. It's my own therapist. I'm very resistant to that statement. Because I've had it used to manipulate me for a while. about like, what about being very smart. And also I don't want to seem too smart for people that I'm out of touch with what other people need. So that's, uh, you know, but I appreciate that.

[1486:54] Sue McGarvie: Just, you know, like, I'm a parent, you know, your mom's just a little bit older. Yeah. I was really, I thought that was it. I thought that was really good. And, you know, I'm, you know, I'm now following you. And she, she just it was very authentic.

[1489:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, yeah, she's adenomas amazing. We have had our ups and downs and rough patches and everything. So but I love I mean, I talked to her probably every day. So now. We were at a place where she was only five minutes from me and I spent almost like every waking minute of the day with her and my wife and that was a little that got a little toxic for a while.

[1498:11] Sue McGarvie: It's with my mother and then I run.

[1498:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I got married, we like it was like four years of separation where I talked to her. Maybe you've left like every two months. It was it because it was just like, and now we found like a lot of balance. And now which is good. So

[1502:00] Sue McGarvie: great. Thank you for the help and yeah, totally booked thing because it was driving me crazy. I'm thinking every time I try and do something technical, it's not working. Just take a deep breath. Write it out. Jeremiah will have an answer for you know, sure enough.

[1505:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. Yeah, that's what that's what I'm here for. Is to help and again you know, it might take a little bit of back and forth on that. But yeah, oh. Oh, John says that the email says the time is October 26 2023.

[1510:45] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I've got I've got that was my first one but it hasn't edited. Alright, thank you for catching that. Yeah. Well lever and get it up and unlike everybody else, these perfect ones. I have kind of mediocre but no,

[1514:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's okay. Honestly, I would rather you get something up that is a bet you know, quote unquote, mediocre and then optimize it later. That's again, my philosophy.

[1517:49] Sue McGarvie: John, thank you for that. I will I will deal with that right now.

[1518:42] Speaker 2: Awesome. All right.

[1519:15] Sue McGarvie: That was yesterday's problem. Okay. All right. I'm on it.

[1520:23] Speaker 1: All right. Very cool.

[1521:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see. Cassandra I see your your back here you attach to the messenger not able to send it here

[1525:58] Cassandra McKissack: I did try to send it to you. I did try. I tried to send it to the inbox here, but I couldn't open it. I don't know if you can open it if you can see it. Jeremiah up there around a sin a link. Oh,

[1529:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see. Yeah, you can't send a PDF.

[1530:55] Cassandra McKissack: Oh, well. So anyway, it's in your messenger. I mean, if you don't have time to look at it, it's

[1532:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here. Oh,

[1533:01] Cassandra McKissack: okay, thank you.

[1534:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what are we going over here as far as pardon?

[1534:49] Cassandra McKissack: Just one moment I need to turn the TV down Hold on.

[1535:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you watching

[1538:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: John, did you have something quick or do you want to go over something with you? What's going on John? Oh,

[1539:36] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: yeah. It'll probably take about 510 minutes or so. I'm launching and launching a book journal and my current landing pages like a freebie download PDF. So I was gonna look for some storage.

[1543:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, share I can share it in here and then we'll take a look at it. Okay, we're gonna still there oh I apologize. What were you What were you watching on TV?

[1549:58] Cassandra McKissack: The relationship program that's on I had while I was trying to go back on and back and forth trying to send you this document. Oh,

[1552:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. Awesome. I've been watching a whole bunch of like sci fi movies while I work the last week so that's why I say well, that's like aI sci fi movies.

[1555:24] Cassandra McKissack: What are you watching? What do you watch?

[1556:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I watched what it was called to simulate Another one was called the creator the creator was a terrible movie but and then I'll have sports on I'll just I'll watch a watch football basketball baseball Okay, Alrighty, so here's what we got going on. Attention Hey Who is this directed towards? It's directed towards these people right here. Okay.

[1565:43] Cassandra McKissack: Yes, yes

[1568:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like that quote there okay.

[1580:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really like how the emotion is coming across here, I think. I think it needs a little bit of tweaking, but I actually think that this is this is starting to come together. Really well. This is this is much better than the last time Yeah. Are you sick and tired of it? Yep. I mean, really? You're spinning here? Yep. Now again, here's my question for you. Yeah, so we're focused in on them getting more clients right and how to get more clients.

[1590:45] Cassandra McKissack: Yes. And then I put a little bit of my storyline in there cool.

[1593:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would break some of this up like some paragraphs. photo of you for sure.

[1595:16] Speaker 1: Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm so sorry.

[1597:33] Speaker 4: Thank you. Yeah.

[1598:19] Speaker 1: No, I mean, it's,

[1599:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, you don't ever know what somebody's going through till you kind of hear their story and so

[1600:52] Cassandra McKissack: yes that and I felt like it was, you know, a good place.

[1601:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it is important to share that. Yeah.

[1602:36] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, we're a lot of people relate and it's just what came up in my brain? I don't know.

[1604:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's good. I think I think you've got a lot of really good stuff here. Um, I think

[1610:31] Cassandra McKissack: yeah, and I talked a little bit about my story about as a beginning coach, you know, some of the frustrations and just not knowing, you know, you know, I thought that's maybe something I could talk about maybe in my webinar. Yeah. I look for a good coach. What do you look for, you know, no one knows what to look for. And trial and error. Right?

[1617:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You want somebody to tell you what needs to be different but they're, they're willing to kind of go back and forth with you and have they need to have empathy is a big part

[1624:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so here's where my first thought is, it's a little bit it's kind of like all over the place a little bit. But I want to bring a little bit more focus to it. I think that a lot of the emotion and energy is here. I think this is gonna resonate with the right people, I think that some of the headlines could be improved just a little bit.

[1631:39] Cassandra McKissack: Now which headlines in particular, all of them or when

[1632:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you say what's the one I look at when we look at a page like that we run an offer for you know, I'll look at who it's for what our offer is, this one talks about what they're going to get out of it. Here's our copy we break it up based on like any sort of beliefs but it flows and it has a flow that it's a logical step 12345

[1641:50] Speaker 1: type of flow

[1643:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: on this that you sent me

[1644:22] Speaker 1: the flow the emotion is there a moment this is their dish Why try it try something

[1647:48] Speaker 7: yeah you

[1655:00] Speaker 1: now

[1662:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: so let's really go from struggling to get clients building up overwhelmed with all the stuff that you have to do to stop spinning your wheels and start finally having the impact you've always wanted with your coaching business. Something along those lines.

[1667:52] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, I able to get a copy of that what you just did.

[1669:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm gonna add a little bit more to it as well here and then I'll send it over to you. Okay, yeah, no problem. I'll put it in the Facebook group. So again, let me let me see here I'm gonna copy this

[1674:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: is like this giant transcript right here and then what I want to do is I just want to delete everything else but what we're kind of like what I did with Adele. Alright, gonna say the headlines based on the flop. From overwhelmed to Impact Transform Your coaching journey. Discover what makes a great code. Stop spinning your wheels. Okay, so now there's a prompt that I have in my prompting document

[1683:23] Cassandra McKissack: is a prompting document. I'm not quite sure what you're saying what what do you mean by the prompting document or prompt

[1685:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a document right here with stuff you can copy and paste in the chat GPT.

[1687:27] Speaker 1: to

[1688:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's some like different headlines. So headlines format right here

[1692:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: then what I like to do is combine all the headlines into like a final one as the strongest version.

[1693:37] Cassandra McKissack: Oh, I see, okay.

[1695:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Even if you faced rejection, building a thriving, even if you lacked confidence so again, we're talking about people that have been overlooked. They doubt themselves, but they know that they have the skill set to impact people, which again, that sounds like that sounds like you, Cassandra, and your story that you shared, which is great. So you're, you're a you're an image of really them where they were as somebody who can take them to where they want to be. Okay, and that's always an important thing as far as that sort of

[1707:12] Speaker 1: let's take this so

[1707:49] Cassandra McKissack: so I did do okay, telling the hero's journey. No,

[1708:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you did a really good I think you did a really good job of kind of like the work the way that you described a lot of it

[1710:42] Cassandra McKissack: did you that I

[1711:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: saw me as knowing you and our conversations that we've had back and forth. Yes, what you sent me now is 510 steps ahead of the last few things you've sent me What is awesome now we just gotta like massage it a little bit and polish it is basically what we're doing so so it's really it's kind of polishing what you what you have here is the stage you're at now. So But whereas before it was kind of lacking any sort of feeling and emotion now a lot of that's in there so now we got to polish it and add some structure to it. Okay and if you struggled to find clients felt overwhelmed or doubted your abilities in the past transform your coaching business into a successful into a profitable passionate business even if you struggle and so that that would be kind of the headline something like that that we would pull into this copy this in here copy this and here we're there's there's what I literally just said and let's see if we can rewrite it based on that Trent, revitalize your coaching career transform six struggling to success interview previously felt overwhelmed output for clientless.

[1734:51] Speaker 1: Make it more like this oops.

[1738:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Turn struggles and triumphs, passion to profit, even if you felt bass client shortages, overwhelm or self doubt. So a few of those ideas.

[1740:23] Speaker 1: As far as the headline goes, then

[1743:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like this, how you shared your story and things like that. Yes, I think where I'm loose where I'm lost a little bit is this right here. So some of this, I would have come further down your landing page. Okay. Because it kind of gets in the way of really what you're talking about. And then possibly a different title, then exponential increase. So what we could do is this prompt. That's why these are here is you can paste them in and there. So coaching success blueprint client coaching client attraction. You could do client increase, see, increase your clients in 2024, something like that.

[1758:42] Speaker 1: As far as the title goes,

[1762:13] Speaker 1: sea otters going crazy

[1764:02] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, so if I'm talking about increased clients in 2024

[1765:06] Speaker 6: Um

[1765:56] Cassandra McKissack: What do you have that I should be looking at to help me better understand how to present that in your store? Client accelerator.

[1768:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so the better present it it's really the it depends on what you're asking about better presenting it so if it's the sales copy a lot of what we're going through here a lot of what's in the sales copy mastery course that can be helpful the landing page blueprint course is more about the landing page side of things

[1775:36] Cassandra McKissack: so you're talking about lead generation when you say increase clients right

[1777:54] Speaker 1: this is not just to not work on the wrong part of the conversation um

[1780:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: well for them increasing clients would be having more clients right right.

[1783:46] Speaker 1: So it would be better understand

[1784:09] Cassandra McKissack: how to talk about it so that's what I was saying what do you have so that I would be able to understand how to have that conversation because I thought I was going to be talking about Well of course I can talk about this but I was thinking more from the standpoint of how to how to choose a coach you know, you were saying you like how I was talking about you know, the beginning coaching in how to choose a coach that kind of a thing. So, so not that I can't talk about both but I'm just wanting to be clear so that I can prepare myself to be able to talk about it

[1796:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: right now I'm trying to take a look at just a few like titles that you can create no problem no problem coaching Transformation Blueprint go from overwhelmed to overflowing with clients. That would be that's kind of a cool title. Okay, yeah. From overwhelmed, I don't know if you want to be overbooked. But you know,

[1803:26] Cassandra McKissack: to be overbook. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. That problem.

[1804:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Overwhelmed, overbooked. Awesome. So, again, so those are some ideas for like your titles as far as that goes. Okay. So when you say I'm, I'm just trying to understand how to direct you to like the best thing. So the sales copy mastery course is all about you like creating the sales, copy, sales, copy mastery, which adds UBT. When you talk about how to present it, what does that mean to you? When you're asking me what resources there are for you to present it better? helped me understand what you mean by that.

[1815:24] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, I was just trying to figure out which course, like the six figures, I've done a few of those classes, courses you have on? I can't remember the exact title, but it has something to do for I think it's called six figures or something for writing you have? Yeah. So probably in there, I guess would be something I couldn't figure out how to put something together. I want to be able to talk about in a way that sounds like I know what I'm talking about.

[1826:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, talk? What do you mean by that? Talk about it, you want to be able to talk about it in a way that makes it sound like you know what you're talking about? What do you mean by that?

[1828:26] Cassandra McKissack: Well, you know, when I do the three day webinar, and if this is my title, like like I was listening to something you said yesterday, you know, you want to be able to make a promise, and then be able to communicate that promise. So that you know, we can have people you know, want to take your training because you're talking about it. Whatever your title is, you're talking about it like you were I could find my notes. Yesterday you were talking about you know, when I was listening to your videos, you were talking about the different headlines of you know, how to be a worship leader, the you know, you're talking about having a results oriented headline so that when the person gives the, you know, the presentation, people know what to expect, and as a result of you giving them the answers, they want to sign up for your training. Okay. And you happen to find gold. And you mentioned a couple of your titles. You mentioned your friends that, you know, you have to have great success in the music industry because of the, you know, the great titles.

[1847:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That kind of thing. Right. So that's what we've been going over right, right now, just now on this training right here.

[1849:32] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. All right.

[1850:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that's where like, I kind of came up with some of these, like, some of these titles and stuff right here to help you explain what that is. If you're talking about in the presentation itself, that would be in the successful webinars or challenges. Cool.

[1854:40] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. That's what I was thinking. I just wanted to see if you, you know, that was in line with what you were thinking about it. Me see,

[1857:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm asking you chat, GBT. It sounds like you're seeking guidance on how to effectively communicate and present your webinar. Let's see. So, so yeah, the first key is, and this is why in the sales copy mastery course to go through this, understanding the audience, that's kind of the first step really understanding their fears, desires, aspirations, a lot of times those are going to be your fears, desires, and aspirations. A clear, compelling title. So that's what we that's what we kind of came up with up here.

[1865:08] Speaker 1: And then

[1866:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, if we're talking about because it's kind of, we got to like two separate stages. We got the landing page, and then we got the

[1868:50] Speaker 1: the

[1869:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: the actual presentation webinar itself, so which one are you talking about?

[1872:13] Cassandra McKissack: Well, I guess we just should probably just finish up with the landing page. And then if I have any questions, and I'll just ask them then.

[1875:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. It's funny, I copied what you asked in the chat GBT based on some of this text, and it actually gave some pretty good. Even advice here. Oh, wow. Yeah, it actually, it actually gave some pretty good. Like the answer to your question is actually a lot of this is right here, understanding your audience.

[1881:36] Cassandra McKissack: Oh, this is awesome.

[1881:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Outlining the benefit, you connect with stories, I do that or I talk about different people I've worked with demonstrating, you know, your story, experience, credibility, things like that. Another thing too, and this one I talked about is as I don't have a better word for it, but it's like, the more I guess, like, relaxed, peaceful and calm we can get kind of in our spirit, the better that we come across and what we express with people.

[1889:40] Speaker 1: You know, so that's why it's,

[1891:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's really a balance of this is like, in one sense. It's important to express this really well at the same time, like, we're not going to be perfect at it. So just kind of doing our best is one of the biggest things you can do. Okay.

[1895:51] Cassandra McKissack: Let me ask you this. What about the words from overlooked to overbooked instead of overwhelmed? Yeah, it does. Well, I think that people beat that word to death, especially during COVID. I don't know. And I gotta tell you this year that I'm sitting here actually crying because I actually got a prophecy. And it said, I was gonna go from overlooked to over booked. And then you use that word over.

[1904:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. I think there's something there for you for sure.

[1905:05] Cassandra McKissack: I'm like, I'm going to actually use this as a title in my training. I feel like Yeah, I

[1906:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that's great. I think that that resonated well. So there you go.

[1907:44] Cassandra McKissack: God, thank you. Awesome. What kind of talk about sealing the deal? Confirmation? Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. Yeah, the thing is, um, so when it comes to towards the end, where I add my bonuses that you're adding the so that's why people kind of give me the email, right? Because I tell them, I'm gonna have two bonuses for them. I wanted to give them

[1915:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: they give you the email, so you can actually send them the link to join the webinar and training with you. And then you can follow up with them and you can send them reminders and you can send them messages about what they're signing up for. So the reason you want to get their info so you can really do the follow up.

[1919:35] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, Sounds good.

[1920:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Awesome. Oh much, Cassandra. All right, John Denley. How are you, sir?

[1923:01] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Hi, I'm okay. It's been a while.

[1924:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So just I gotta tell you this. So the Rubik's Cube thing. I can do the whole thing until I get to the last row. And you got the like the triangle on the yellows. Yeah. And then I forget how to like get them all to match. So that's where I'm stuck. I just I can literally by memory get there, and then I'm stuck.

[1929:04] Speaker 2: You're not using my system that I using? No, no, I'm using a different one that works for me. But you have

[1930:32] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: it upside down. So you have the like, the yellow was on the top when you finishing? Yeah,

[1931:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you're finishing the yellows on the top, and there's like, there's like an L, but then it goes to a cross. I don't know how to do it like that. Yeah, that's the way that I learned at work. I don't know, it worked well for how I think because I was able to kind of memorize the sequence. Yeah.

[1934:48] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Like

[1935:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: to go over how it worked for me. So there you go. That's there's different ways to get to the same finish line.

[1937:03] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: That's right. Yeah, exactly. But that's why I make it really, really simple and straightforward and easy.

[1938:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll have to check yours out. Now.

[1938:50] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: What I'm actually weirdly in the process of, of, well, I looked at it the other day, and I thought, oh my god, this is a nightmare. I just redesigned. I just I just redesigned all the pages because it's currently in System IO. Okay, and I'm moving across to go funnel box, which is a white label of go high level. Okay. Just the whole idea of getting that across has just been a nightmare. But anyway, what I have done on all those pages is if you found this useful, please, please donate with by clicking this button thing, which is kind of cool. Actually, I'm going to show you some stuff. So because it's kind of fun. And I did talk about the miscue. I've forgotten about the Rubik's Cube thing. So yeah.

[1949:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: That was the Rubik's cube to he just like loves to just play with it. I mean, he he's not doesn't know what's going on. But he's got colors and he thinks it's cool. So well.

[1951:52] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yeah, my my brother's just had a baby. He's 18 months now. And every time he comes to visit, he just picks up the Rubik's Cube and I've got a couple of like gifts when he like just reversed it backwards and forwards and looks like he's solving the cube. He just sits there like this is cool. Yeah. And so I did. I did put some links in there as well for the how to set up the Facebook as well. So

[1960:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what do you got going on? Yeah,

[1960:26] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I'm just gonna show you the other two pages first, just for fun. Share Screen. Yeah, sorry. Yeah.

[1963:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I finally configured my zoom to automatically allow share screen. So I realized I didn't even know like all these settings in zoom till I like I created a course on it. No to that, just me like sharing that because I use Zoom forever. And I was like, I learned all this stuff by teaching it. I saw a post from Russell Brunson, he said the best way to learn things deeper is to try to teach it to somebody. And I think there's a lot of truth to that.

[1969:28] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: That's for sure. I guess. My key, of course, is just a little bit of fun, my battery's dead. So

[1971:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna have to check it out. Now here as far as

[1972:17] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I mean, when you go through it, every single page has got this little banner at the top here that says if you found this useful, please. Look, there's gonna start playing. Right.

[1974:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yellow cross. And then yellow corners. Yeah, that's kind of.

[1975:22] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: So I do mine from the top down and keep the white cross quite on the top of the whole time. So. Okay, yeah, it goes up. It goes down. And then yeah, so you. Yeah, yeah, I can

[1977:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: get all those solved on the two layers and the white. Yeah. And then I got the yellow cross. And then that's done. And

[1979:51] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: then yellow corners. So I do it again. I do the yellow side slightly differently, because we're gonna do a cross first and then sort the colors out of the cross now Yeah, afterwards so because obviously it goes down through going one corner, two corners and then the last two corners, so yeah, yeah. So feel free to feel free to enjoy that. And then there's this other page I've done which of course is all about my my actual freedom Q. recently redesigned this slightly, because I noticed I had like 15,000 clicks on this page. And I'm like, I don't know. Maybe they're robots. I don't know. But I thought crikey I must at least have some way of getting people pay me on this.

[1988:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they watch the videos though.

[1989:45] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I couldn't tell it was just click through so I don't know if they've actually watched any of them and stuff. So but I thought if I'm nominee clicks, then one or two of them, even if they just pay me $10 That'd be nice. So I added in this this donate button in here, but then I've also for each one of these things I've colored it now says that red has a red side as a green side as yellow side. White and blue. So I've made it all pretty and stuff. That's pretty cool.

[1996:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's a fun like system.

[1996:47] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yeah, it's introduction to my program. And the idea here which I haven't done yet is if you want the full program and you want to do that, then click this button and then so instead of just being a dude donate and there's a sales page, which then has the full Course, which I'm going to sell at 100 pound $100. Yeah, with the self service one and an add on a group support thing. Yeah, for like $30 or something like that. So haven't got as far as I go anyway, that's not what I

[2003:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: thought about possibly turning it into like, less than seven pillars

[2006:34] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Well, it's, yeah, it's well, it's a it's a five week course. So really, it's the layers of the cube. So it's Yeah, I mean, 15 pillars, because obviously, there's three there, three there, three there, three there, three there, so I just might

[2009:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: be overwhelming for people. On the free level. Yeah.

[2011:19] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: But hey, brother. Yeah, it's, uh, yeah, cuz it's, I mean, this is like this is because these videos are like five less than five minutes each. So that whole, less than half an hour for the whole thing. Anyway, so what I'm actually here for is this thing, not this one, not this one. This one? Yeah. So this is my I've had this for a while. This is a landing page to download this PDF. Right? Yeah. Just like free PDF and then some video tutorials.

[2019:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotta just pause you and tell you as like your I resonate with you, because you're, it reminds me of even like, where I was at, like, six, seven years ago. Because you got all the info up here. You got like, you got all like you got enough info to just like, probably give Tony Robbins a run for his money. Probably, you know what I mean? But like, but like, that's not arrogant. Even even like say that. Like that's true. Well,

[2026:31] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I when I when I did when during lockdown when he did his first virtual unleash UPW event. I sat there all week going, I could do this. What the hell? Why can't I go? I could just do this. I could do this. I could do instead of doing that five days, I could do this in two days. I could probably do this over a weekend or something. And charge like $100. But I

[2032:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: can tell to today. I feel like I feel like you got more belief in yourself now than you did last year. Yeah.

[2033:42] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: But when we first started Yes, great. Awesome. So much. And part of that has come from from me doing my how much you can see me why why my my journal is now kind of like an almost a real thing. So I designed

[2037:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: taking action, creating something that's tangible, changes us, even if it's they didn't like turn it all the sales, but it transformed I think your confidence. Right?

[2040:07] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Exactly. Yeah. So it's taking me a long time. I just saw a video of me talking about this in June, where I said like, I've nearly finished it. And here we are in January, I still haven't finished it. But I really regrets had a real blank for like, two months, the end of last year, sort of October till well through Christmas. And my mum said to me talking about mums. She said, Who can you speak to to try to help you finish the last two or three pages of the document? And I thought I kind of didn't know because I'd have to explain to them how it all works. And and then they wouldn't really understand it. And they'd never give me the right kind of advice. And I thought hang on a minute. Isn't that what chat? GPT does? That's it? Yes. So I just copied and pasted all the like the first like 10 pages of this. And I said can you give me like a like a, I need a fifth page that explains.

[2054:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I love that. I do the same thing with some of my courses if I feel stuck, but I started doing that I take the transcript of all the lessons I've done so far. And I said brainstorm what maybe the next lesson could possibly be. And that gets me to three ideas. And I'm like, Okay, now I can run with that idea. That's gonna be the next lesson. So that's, that's, that's it's a huge, it's a great strategy to use it for that.

[2061:21] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yeah, for sure. And then actually, I went one step further, I just said, Okay, I need a page to explain the notes, the goals and the affirmations. Because I've been I've got I've got a sheet like this. I can't see I can't see myself. So but so this is the like, weekly thing. Let me just stop sharing the screen for a second. Yeah. Where's the button for that? Stop sharing. So yeah, so I've got a like a visitor. There'll be 52 pages of this, because this is the week here. And then on the opposite side, it just says notes, affirmations and goals. And this is like a more of a suggestion than then actually a part of the task. Yeah. And I just said to chat DBT I need to explain notes, affirmations and goals. Can you do that in about an hour worked out? It was like, about 250 words per page for the text in about 250 words, and I was suddenly like, Oh, that's cool. It's not right. It's nowhere close to what I want to say. But it's enough. Yeah. Edit it and change. So yeah, so and now I have this is like I printed this out and this is the whole the whole thing is almost there now so and because of that, and then I've also got this habit too. as well, there'll be 12 of which will share back the screen again, back one screen, you

[2082:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, it's something that I that I just just a bird's eye view pattern. I know this, I don't know if this resonates with you. But one thing that I've noticed is because we've had enough interaction, I've seen some of the stuff that you created.

[2086:03] Speaker 2: Is I wonder if some of the stuff that you do at the end of your book, I wonder if showing because I like that habit chart? I want to show that earlier in the book. Oh, yeah. I

[2088:53] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: mean, it's, it's literally only like, eight pages on the front. So Oh, cool. It looks much more than it is, but actually looks that much more, because this is all pages. They're all pages stuck together. I've glued them. So it looks like it's looks like but it's literally, like 10 pages at the front. And actually, there's a again, we can't quite see ever there's a there's a quickstart guide at the front here. It's like, that's like page three, how to use the how to use the thing. And then you can just skip straight through to getting going. That's the whole idea. But yes, you're right, I will send you a copy of it when it's all right. And that'll be on. So getting on to the thing. I saw this one, or you can see on the screen now is my old, like one page PDF Printable version of this. And when I first started this whole process, I was like Ryan's gonna put that into a printable Amazon book. And then I redesigned it. And I got into this whole thing about oh, explaining it, and then putting the neuroscience in there, there's a whole big thing. And it's just, that's why it's taken me so long. Because initially, it will just like, create 52 pages of that. So, so yes, this has been my freebie download. thing. And I've had loads of people come down to this. But what I want to do now, which is where I went, a lot of them downloaded it. Yeah, quite a lot of people downloaded it. Because there's you got to, again, you got to I've got a workflow here. So I've got this, I've got these send, it sends out. Yes, he sends out these videos here 1234 videos that explain how it works and best practices, and then it goes on to the breeder,

[2114:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: have you paid attention to on the workflow where you lose the most people?

[2115:51] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I haven't looked at it for a while. But that

[2116:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: can be helpful because essentially, that's where you're, you know, everything else after that they're not watching. So yeah,

[2118:32] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: it's about a third video. But to be honest, I just put these in for extras because I'm not into got as far as optimizing anything yet at the moment. So where are we? So So what I need to do now is or try and decide to which is where I wanted to steer. It really is obviously this is a freebie landing page. And I kind of want to feel like I want to say and if you want the full book, because it's gonna be on Amazon rather than like me sending it out. So it's like here go here to Amazon to download it. Somehow. Yeah.

[2128:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, unlimited.

[2129:44] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I wouldn't be on Kindle. Now. This would be I just want to it needs to be a physical book. It's designed to be sat on your bedside table to be filled in every night. And read every morning. So yeah, it's a it's an actual physical thing. So

[2134:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: then again, you may have an entry level thing where you kind of explain to them the value of having that next to them and the bedside just kind of, right.

[2137:23] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yes. So the question and the series I was looking for is, this is obviously a downloadable page and a freebie thing, whether or not I should say, like put it as icon, the thank you page then says, Oh, by the way, you can also download the book, or whether you think it should be on here saying and here's the book you can download. You can go and buy from Amazon, like a link to Amazon from here, before they even buy a download.

[2145:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you gonna give them a chance to download it or buy it?

[2147:13] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: I don't know why this there won't be a downloadable. Second point I hadn't really thought about that. I suppose you could download. It won't be it won't be a downloadable version. I want to I want to replace it with so the one that's there, the blue one that's there right now I was kind of thinking of replacing it with, like the version that's in the book now. But actually, when I did that earlier on while we were while I was watching, you're thinking I will get this stuff printed out so I can actually show it on the screen. But this one doesn't have all the instructions in the book has like a full expanded instructions in it. Whereas that one that's on the screen right now has the instructions like on the on the principle. It's all like a one page thing print out so you can you can download it and print it out as the idea Um, so yeah, so the question is, do I just go straight to the cause I could just go straight to the book because I think the book is better. As a thing, I could just go straight to the book. But the trouble is straight to the book then is,

[2163:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you're dealing with the challenge of, yeah, but then to get the book, they gotta trust you first.

[2165:13] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Right?

[2165:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So. And I mean, I just, I got to, I got two examples for you of see, let me share my screen. Yeah,

[2169:02] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: stop.

[2170:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So to kind of examples to like, again, this is a download, but this was a book we just launched with my mom got a headline, grab the book, it's all about how AI is like a great technological shift and like, grab this to understand insights about AI. The goal of it is to get them to sign up for her $177 A month Academy right here, over here. And we actually rate the price of this and we're gonna send them a coupon on day three, to get the year at 50% off. Now, and I know you went through the funnel, but you got Alex from overseas, 100 million dollar leads offer. And I think your book is kind of it feels like it's your version of 100 million dollar leads or 100 million dollar offers. Yes. You know, so Alex, has this whole you can do, you can buy a hardcover from him. You can get the you can get the hats and all that he's got all this kind of like he breaks down the sections, things like that. So even like looking at some of his sales letters and stuff like that is helpful. Good

[2188:38] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: idea. Yeah, I was trying to think of because I there's somebody I saw recently who, who did something similar to what I want to try and do, but I couldn't remember who it was. I hadn't thought about it till mosey on.

[2191:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's on Amazon, too. Right? Here's the thing, though, with Alex, though, is the factor and, you know, it, it's just, it's just true, you don't have the trust and clout that Alex does, right. So, so a lot of the he talks about this, one of his key statements is, if you can delay your ask for any length of time, you'll get an unlimited amount of people that sign up. And so that's what he's done is he's created all this content that builds all this trust. And he went out there with a free book that was on Kindle. And then now he actually has a paid kind of book, you actually have to pay some money now to actually get access to it. And then obviously, we can start to see the path he's going. He's invested in school. He's doing all this. So his big picture funnel? Here's the thing. I think he's trying to go to a multi billion dollar valuation with this company. That's very big aspirations. I know, that's where he's going. Let's, let's bring that down to earth. For John dentally. How do we translate what Alex or Mozi is doing? Combined with what we've done with, you know, sort of my business around coaching? Take a look at some of the stuff like the Tony Robbins stuff. And and what we so you're what you want to do is you have this book, it's on Amazon, right? Yeah. If you could just get this in the hands of people, and you get it on their shelf, right, let's say this book is great. I mean, I've probably sold more copies of this book to people than a lot of you know, I know, Russell Brunson, too. But I've also sold a lot of copies of this book. Because I people borrow the trust in me that I recommend these two books to them. Yeah. So that's a big thing as so kind of, really, your main exercise is going to be that trust in John. So that they take the time and make the investment to go get this over here. Right. So that's going to be your starting phase is building that trust in you as to why we should listen to this guy. Why we should engage with him. What you can help them do and all of that. And then your ask is going to be the book. And that and then I would just retarget those people that sign up for sort of an entrance point. And what it really is, it's taking a look at your book and here's again, another chat GBT way to do this, because we did this. For this book with my mom, we actually did this. The way that I actually did this book, I'll just I'll just give you a little insight into it. As I took three months of all of her live zoom sessions, loaded them into chat GPT had it create an outline for a book that was on this topic. And then I added write articles for each of the outline and then I edited all of them into a 25 page ebook, and that's what it is. And so that's based off of all the stuff that my mom has taught and our main sessions and then she edited it and added her own spin on it. But the goal is with this is that this copyright here is it builds trust with people as far as this goes with this kind of free ebook now the fact that you have a book and might be interesting if you have, I'm just I'm sort of processing this live if you don't want to do a webinar, you might have an entry level free download. That's like a segue into this bigger system.

[2248:23] JohnVDenley, Mental Health Fitness Coach: Yeah, and that's kind of where I am right now. So that download that create happy download that one page thing is currently my my freebie download thing. And then I and then I send an email and say, why don't you come along to my weekly webinar, which I call midday Monday, my mindset mastery, where I go through effectively haven't really done it yet. But I go through the 15 pillars like every week as one of the pillars the 15 pillars. Oh, you okay, so that kind of exists already. But yeah, so yeah, I guess what I was last interesting. Yeah. So what I wanted to kind of throw, throw it around and just

[2258:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: just the way I'm envisioning it is kind of two things just again, because it's all over the place and kind of overwhelming I think people can kind of like, check out and

