CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day 10.10
Date: 2024-10-14T03:46:51.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: L7h_PO7NapRDt4RNOcpHvdatz80
---

[0:18] Speaker 0: Alrighty.

[0:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we host this call every second Thursday of the month for all of our members to help you review your ads and your copy. And it's a it's a real, like, kind of a masterminding around what you're building. So that's what we're going to be focused on here today for the next Oh hour or so, as people start to come in on here. So let me see

[9:20] Speaker 0: see copywriting column right there. Alright?

[25:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, nobody's on, so I'm going to stop the recording. I'm

[36:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, copy and ads

[37:08] Speaker 0: and

[37:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: landing pages are the most important kind of technical aspect in your business, and so

[40:07] Speaker 0: making sure that those are Dialed In is definitely important All of Our efforts And

[76:36] Speaker 0: All right, hey there. Shonda, how are you today?

[79:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: How are we doing? I. Jeremiah Krakowski, Hi,

[80:31] Shonda Whitworth: how you doing? Jeremiah Krakowski,

[81:41] Speaker 0: I had

[82:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: an idea maybe we, maybe we rename this call from copywriting and ads review to just marketing and advertising review.

[85:30] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I don't have anything to review. I'm about I've got my funnel ready, and

[87:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw you made a post on social media today. Yes, I did

[88:14] Shonda Whitworth: that today. The books at the printer, and it should be, I should be picking up today or tomorrow, and I'm working on Facebook ads. Now I do want to ask you this while I have your full attention. I asked my own clients, and I have a client call group call at two o'clock. So I had asked them what ads they like and they don't like video ads. So based on my clientele, should I work on just doing graphic ads? Or let

[98:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: me, let me ask you this, they don't like video ads, but do they actually understand their own behavior when they're actually using social media and what they are actually watching to realize that they don't watch video ads.

[101:47] Shonda Whitworth: They said that they don't watch video ads, and they scale. They think they

[102:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't watch video ads. I don't, I don't actually think they consciously know they do watch video ads. Okay, I actually think they subconsciously think they don't, but they do well,

[105:47] Shonda Whitworth: a couple of them did tell me that they watched and read the captions. Okay, yeah, so as I start working,

[108:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, asking your clients that question is just not even a very you're not going to get good information from you what. That's

[111:38] Shonda Whitworth: what I'm asking you. Yeah,

[112:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: no. And so yes, video ads with captions, because here's the thing, yes, a graphic ad is great, but if there's a lot of text, they're going to ignore it. The truth is, is they pay attention to what grabs their attention.

[115:12] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so I gotta work on that. So I would do a mix of both, and running the testing to see what

[117:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: people pay attention to what gets their attention, whether it's a video or a graphic. In general, most of your audience probably says they don't even look at ads, but at all. But they do because they're everywhere. So

[121:06] Speaker 0: it's

[121:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, Absolutely yeah. And so it's now I will tell you this, yeah, if they're not watching video content and you're wanting to coach them, chances are they're probably not going to be coachable with you through video too,

[125:34] Speaker 0: and so they join

[125:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: me on my weekly call. Yeah, I understand that. But what I'm like, what I'm saying is, is that, like, if you found a group of people where they don't watch any video content, all they do is read and then write. They're probably not actually your target client, because they have behavior patterns. That means that they're that they're going to be less likely to apply how a coaching program is structured, whereas like somebody who goes into a coaching program probably watches video content on YouTube, on Facebook, on social media, they engage with that content. And so that's why, yeah, they might check all the boxes for your target client, but what we find is that their behavior doesn't even come into alignment with what is going to be a good client in general. And I'll give you an example of this is I realized when I was doing all these live events, most of the I had a lot of people tell me, Well, I just don't like watching recorded classes. I only want to attend live trainings, because the only way that I advertise for them to show up with me was live trainings. And so they were irritated by the fact that most of my content was recorded courses, because they're not used to consuming that type of content. And so what's what? And so what's very interesting about that is that as soon as I start making more YouTube videos and stuff like that, it starts to find people that are actually familiar with watching video content. I'll give you another example of this. We know how different all like Christians that go to church are right. I'll give you a great example. There are Christians that believe that children should never go to church. Mm. Krakowski. And there are Christians that believe that children should be in church at all times. They believe that they're disruptive and that they should stay as far away from the adult so that they can focus. And then there's others that believe that that disruption is actually more like the sound of heaven. Those are two very different people that read from the same Bible. Okay? And so if you're marketing to one or the other based on how we show up with them, it's a different way of showing up if we're advertising or marketing, as far as that goes. And that's the same thing with our market when we're advertising or marketing our content. So it's, it's thinking about like, here's, here's the best answer. How do you love to show up with your clients? Number one, and then, how can you be most effective to get them results? Number two, okay, by far, video training and all that is going to be the most effective. And so it's the most effective way that we can connect with people. Um, now you could, now you could build a business where you're not doing any video and it's just written text, and you just send them written stuff that would actually work if that's your market that we're going into, and if we think that that's who our demographic is, then it might be worth it to lean more in that direction as well. And I don't

[184:56] Shonda Whitworth: think that's reality with the way, um, social media is going. Everything is I don't know if you're the one that got the term, created the term, or picked it up somewhere, but tick tock, tick tock, defecation, of all of

[188:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, I think I subconsciously stole it from Gary V So, yeah,

[190:39] Shonda Whitworth: but that, that process of everything is grabbing with the video?

[192:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, some kind of video that grabs their attention. So again, and we don't want to, like, overthink it as well, um, but yes, maybe you're maybe your audience doesn't watch video ads. Maybe they do. One thing that we find is that it qualifies people better. Our advertising dollars go further when we use video but we're finding a new a new format for video ad that is also starting to work, where you do a combination of graphic, text and video, and it looks a little something like this, where, like, I have text on there, but then a video of me in the background. Okay,

[202:11] Shonda Whitworth: okay, yeah, I was watching some of yours. Another

[203:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: one that I just put up right here. I

[203:48] Shonda Whitworth: thought, Oh yeah, that was one I was watching, right? I

[204:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: was just playing around the slow motion on my phone yesterday. Well, it's funny as my hat went in the pool, so, but yeah, and so it's that, that style, and so that's working well. And we tested that with, like, 10s of 1000s of dollars, with that style, with Rick pino's ads, and with some of my mom's ads as well, that's converting better to sales and clients. With these videos that have like a visual backdrop with text over it, is actually a format that's reading really well for ads right now. So because people are watching with the sound turned off, maybe they're not listening to the video content, right, but they're reading it and the visual cue, they're getting a like, a sense of that. And so again, for what you're doing, one of the types of videos that you can make is, I know Amy Porterfield did some of these. You could take some like, B roll of you writing in a notebook. Amy Porterfield did one shot where she was cutting celery on the counter. She was literally cutting celery and it had text over it, like, that, sounds so weird to like, Okay, I'm gonna film myself cutting celery. But like, it's, it's exactly that video format right there, you know? And so test that out as well. Instead of, like, what you would just put in a graphic. I see this graphic that you have here that you put up, you might test a video version of that graphic out,

[227:58] Shonda Whitworth: okay? Or are unboxing a book, box of books, when I get there

[229:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. That's a great one. I'm boxing a box of books, exactly, and we can get a lot of ideas from people that we see as well on social media, and what they're doing now, what you don't want to do is just do nothing, but that's not you. So that's good,

[232:59] Shonda Whitworth: right? I'm doing something. I'm moving like a turtle, but, you know, I'm moving?

[234:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah? And when we can get out of just the overthinking, the perfectionistic I identified a term I was playing around with, and you had asked me as well, but then you had logged off about notebook. Lm,

[238:22] Shonda Whitworth: yeah, I did the other day, and I did have to pop off, and that's why,

[239:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I wanted to. Share with you a little bit about that and how I'm using it, but I was

[240:52] Shonda Whitworth: going to ask, how would it apply to coaching

[241:36] Speaker 3: and be able to because I

[242:16] Shonda Whitworth: think it has a lot of organizational structure. I think,

[243:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what I do is I use it to learn things myself, and I use it to help me figure out how to take really complex concepts and break them down in a simpler way. So I'll take something that's really complicated, I'll maybe even take some of my trainings, and I'll throw them into notebook, LM, the videos or the transcripts, and then I'll have the little podcasters make their like, 10 minute condensed version of what I taught. And I'm like, Oh, this is great. Gives me two or three hooks now for my next video or social media content.

[251:16] Shonda Whitworth: Oh, that is really cool. Yeah, that's

[252:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly how I'm using it right now. And I'm finding like it's working well, I'm also using it just for my own like brainstorming. I identified a term that came from notebook LM called perfectionistic communication. And so the idea of perfectionistic communication is that we're very cautious and careful with how we say our words, with how we our tonality of our words, with how we express ourselves, right? And so that's something that like, if we can release the grip of that a little bit. I feel like a lot of times, most of the struggle of people when it comes to their marketing, their business, is this perfectionistic communication part of them that's like trying to make sure that I communicate everything right perfectly well,

[266:08] Shonda Whitworth: see, and I think you hit on that, yeah. Think, okay, so what earlier, when you mentioned about the Christian and the polarization of viewpoints even though they read from the same Bible, I think that that

[269:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: is well, and I'll tell you this, that situation literally came up in our church recently, so Well,

[271:11] Shonda Whitworth: I, I guess, yeah, he overthink, and I've struggled with that because I want to be inclusive of all believers, even with their differences. Yeah, I even with their differences of beliefs. But then there's so many that are so adamant about their viewpoint that I don't know. I guess, I'm guess, I'm struggling to get the language on who I want to attract. I guess that's how I'm going to have, yeah, I

[279:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: make it a little more practical for what you're doing, because I think you can dive into, I think the heart piece is going to come more naturally and organically for you. But you really want to focus on what stage of their like, writing journey they're on, that's where you want to put more of your focus. Is that side of it. So like, and really, like, what type of personality Do you want to work with? What are the type of people that you want to work with,

[287:02] Shonda Whitworth: right? Okay, well, I just want to bring it a client, and she's already a coach, and I think that's the the more of the client that I want to attract than the ones that I'm having to coach them into explaining to them to put something on the back end of their book, because a book is not going to earn them a living,

[294:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? And that's where, that's exactly where you're you're stepping into and you're noticing the thing that is like a huge unlock for people, like where, when you came in to work with me, you saw and I wish people could see this quicker. I want to figure out how to help people get, like, to where you're at. If I could take like, Shonda, like, when I first met you two years ago to today, you're a different person, and I can tell that it's been because of being in here, yes, in a big way. And like, how you approach business. I want to figure out, like, how, like, how to help future. Sean does not have to take two years to be able to get this. And the idea is that, like, Maybe you came in with this concept of, okay, I want to, I want to help authors, and I want to do this thing over here. But now you're realizing, Wait a sec, there's, like, an expanded version of, actually, what my vision is, where these authors go beyond just their book and then they can monetize it in a way that they need to, to be able to make money more than just through book sales. And that was such a that's such a like revelation that I feel like, like, if I told you two years ago, hey, Shonda, I think just doing book stuff isn't the right thing. They need to also have a whole thing on the back end of it, you'd be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, pump the brakes. Just a little bit. I just want to do this book thing right here, you know. But now you've started to see that as a coach and as a mentor. Two things, you're able to help them better. And this goes back to my two the two twisted strand, I always say, what helps them get the most results that they want and is the most profitable for you. So as you start adding this expansive piece that goes beyond just their book, you're going to increase your income earning potential, and you're going to increase their ability to get a better result from working with you than just simply their books. And so that's a beautiful thing, and that's an that's a that's a perfect example of what I mean by by with people is that sometimes the things that we want to do might not get people the most results and make the most amount of money. It's the reason why most, like, there's you don't, there's a lot of, like, publishing and writing coaches, but people don't really stay there very long, and they usually end up progressing more into this kind of, like holistic How do you build a personal brand type of coaching? Because that's really what it is. The book is a piece of your personal brand that you're helping people do, right? But they have a vision that's bigger than just writing a book as well. And they might not even know they have a vision that's big now that like, and

[341:18] Shonda Whitworth: that's, that's usually how I start off coaching them, is, what is your vision? Where do you want to go with them? More than beyond, you know, beyond the book. And a lot of times even start there and then, yeah, I do the branding also, because a lot of them want to build their website and stuff around the name of their book. I said, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, stop. Don't build it around your book. Build it around Yeah,

[347:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Just think, think bigger. But like a lot of people, are in the it's like they're in the weeds of, I gotta get my book done. I gotta get my book done. It's the same thing of, like, when we when coaches, when we're in the weeds, of I gotta get my landing page up. I gotta get my funnel up. I got because, like, that's like, such a small piece of what actually builds the business. Because you've noticed that Shonda, that I like, your creativity has suddenly become unlocked by getting these offers created, even though maybe they weren't perfect the first or second time, the action of getting it out there, putting it out there, unlocked the next stage for you.

[361:11] Shonda Whitworth: It did, and you're right on like, just gotta do it imperfect, imperfect action and and yeah and so not be afraid to do it, to just

[365:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, not be afraid to do it. Be be willing to be willing to to have people like, misunderstand you, not like it, ignore it, like, like, that's okay, because that's part of the process. It's going to get you to where the gold starts to come. I never find anybody in this industry who really gets to that gold without going through some of that, that kind of, like, Valley season, a little bit.

[373:15] Shonda Whitworth: It's part of that huge journey that you've talked about. Yeah, exactly, just in learning more about this perfection communication thing that you're working on. Because I think that that may be an area between the overthinking and the perfection communication. Well, we're trying to, we're trying

[377:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: to prove to ourselves that we are good enough to do the thing that we already have evidence that we're good enough of doing, which, again, that's

[380:53] Shonda Whitworth: exactly that was a mic drop, right there. You gotta say that one again,

[381:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, I, I literally, I,

[382:56] Shonda Whitworth: we already know enough. I mean, yeah, we

[383:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: already are good enough. We already know enough. We already have that. But for some reason, we think that other people aren't going to see it until we can communicate it perfectly, when, in fact, it's just the act of communication in general starting that communication, being willing to walk like crawl before we walk and then walk before we run, type of a thing. And by the way, the the gap between crawling and running might only be like a month or two. But, you know, I find I just because I'm parenting. I have so many like, like little examples from the like, little toddler stages. But like, that's exactly how I see the how coaches in their marketing develop is, like, Okay, before we got the funnel up, before we got that, like, that's kind of like in the baby crib type stage of marketing, you know, we're not quite there yet now, once we got our funnel made, like, that's crawling, you know, as far as that goes, or. Running is when you're running Facebook ads and doing that. And so walking is where you're promoting it out there to your social media and your existing audience and email list. I put a thing. And then, you know, driving a race car is where your business is making six and seven figures. And it's literally this, like, progressive Like, I literally see, like a, like, a vision of that sort of building the machine. So in our business of accelerating how we move from point A to point B, right?

[407:44] Shonda Whitworth: And seeing that there's you just brought up another little hang up that I know it's just like little hick. I know I'm going to run ads. That's a given, and but I guess my other, like, little, you know, suck the breath out of me kind of moment is, oh, I don't have anything on YouTube. I don't have any No, like, trust stuff up and, and, yeah, your our videos or reels on my social

[415:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: media. Yeah, when the good news is, is that, like, once you have an offer created, that stuff becomes a lot easier to make, because now you have something to send people to from that is like, I can make a video. I'll tell you, the hardest time for me to make content is when I don't have an offer to send somebody to, because I feel like there's, like, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, they just kind of disappear. And I get all this these, I'm making this content, I'm nurturing this trust. But what am I directing them to? And so, like I just launched the that new free class this week to my email list and online. And I'll tell you, it's, it's a little bit slower of movement than the ads training was, probably because I've talked about this topic a lot with my email list and audience already so much. But that's where I know running ads to this offer is really good, because I know this offer works great through ads. So it's another just pre recorded evergreen. It's a 42 minute training on again, took a lot of the same content that I was doing in those 90 minute webinars and just condensed it down to 42 minutes.

[436:22] Shonda Whitworth: And that's the next funnel that I'm going to build. Is the 44 the Evergreen one,

[437:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, it's, it's great, and that's, that's where we have the the training and the members area all about how, how we're doing that, which is awesome. But all that to say, once I like tested that, and like knew that the landing pages and stuff were ready to go, all these ideas for content now are coming in my head to send people to that I've been like subconsciously coming up with ideas for content for the last month or so, but we get activated sort of once we have something to send people to,

[447:38] Shonda Whitworth: Right? I get ideas all the time and and then they just kind of poof away. Um, yeah. And

[449:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of the things that I do is I'll, I'll say this sometimes I'll get an idea and it's just too good to let it poof away. Because what I'll do, well, what I'll do is I'll just tell my call to action is just, hey, follow me for more on how to XYZ, whatever I talked about in the idea, like, if it's an idea for content, so like, I'll make a piece of content that's just all about, like, an offer I don't even have. But then my call to action is just like, hey, follow me for more, and I'll get some engagement and followers just off of that. But it's the action of even just putting the message out there is really, it's really helpful. So alright, well, yeah, you're at the stage now, or you have your offer. You got your landing page now, he's gotta drive traffic to it, driving

[461:14] Shonda Whitworth: traffic to, yeah, I'm working on email right now and then. And I'm feel better you saying, bombard them with emails. And I'm like, Alright, I'm going to, I'm going to, I just set up some tags because, yeah, I just figured out go high level doesn't have exclude certain groups options. So I just had to go and redo tagging. Oh,

[468:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. But it Yeah, but it does have just to, like, only send to a tag, and you can, like, remove tags,

[469:45] Shonda Whitworth: yeah, so I went and did that because it doesn't have, like, Miller Lite or, yeah,

[471:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have excluded, yeah, Miller Lite and MailChimp are really great products. They're, they're a little different than each other, but they're, they're, I mean, they're, they're the best when it comes to email.

[473:39] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, I love you. I use both and, yeah, they're

[474:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: both great, little different from each other, but they're, they're both amazing,

[475:44] Shonda Whitworth: right? And I recommend to my clients the use mailer light starting out, and then, you know, free, and then they can upgrade, because it's not very expensive, not upgrade to that. And you can build some decent landing pages there. And that's, yeah, yeah. That's where I started off. All my landing pages started off with Miller line landing pages,

[481:18] Speaker 0: yeah, and so

[482:08] Shonda Whitworth: very cool. Already had and square Squarespace. That's a great option, like, you should forget that already had Miller and light. And I'm like, alright, well, I'm just going to start with this.

[485:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, and it does the basics really well. So they have a lot, they have all the features you need in there, which is great.

[487:19] Shonda Whitworth: So alright, well, I appreciate that. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to see, let me see if suno has something. Yeah, have anything, but I appreciate you sharing that,

[490:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sunil, how are you I'm

[491:03] Shonda Whitworth: going to get ready for my call.

[491:29] Speaker 4: Thank you. Yeah, I'm fantastic. Thank you. Good to see you. See you both, actually, so great, great. What

[493:22] Speaker 0: are you up to?

[494:32] Speaker 4: Just running the business. I keep telling my same the same story, and I don't move forward, but I keep listening to your stuff and my mind

[496:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: since I got you here, let's, let's pretend like we're just like, it's just you and me here.

[498:20] Speaker 4: That'd be fantastic. Yeah?

[498:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: We can get some breakthrough for you. I love the office you got there.

[499:52] Speaker 4: Yeah? Thank you. So this is just Yeah, part of the office. So I joined your program in May. Yeah, last year, I think so. And I keep popping in, keep listening. But yeah, what do

[504:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you what do you find is two things, let me ask you this, like, what's the biggest like lever that you want moved forward for you in your business, and then, like, kind of personally.

[508:19] Speaker 4: So I think the conversation you were having there about an offer, because I don't have an offer, then I'm going to run in a circle, yeah,

[511:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we're just, we're overthinking something that we like. It's kind of like when somebody what kind of real estate are you in?

[514:37] Speaker 4: So I have investment of my own, yeah, in the UK, and I help others to do the same, okay? And I have a free Yeah.

[516:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, check this out. Wait till people are just thinking about investing where they're not gathering the funds, they're not making a connection. They're not they're like, that happens all the time. You see guys on social media, you know, talk about what they'll do with their investment money that they don't have, you know, and and like, they're not making, they're not making the moves, they're not doing that. And so it's, again, it's easy to judge that for one thing, but as well, have compassion for it, because it's like we can get caught in that, in our own ways, stuff like that. I I get, I find myself getting caught up in this, in the same stuff all the time, and so it's okay that you're that you're dealing with that. So that's one of the first things. Just kind of like, tell yourself like it's okay today, like, pretend like today's day one. You know, we don't want to look at the past. We don't want to get upset with ourselves for what we haven't done. But now it's like, okay, what can we be responsible for that we know to do right now and again for any kind of business, if it's if it's around investment, getting some leads, getting some people that you can talk to that want to be able to invest in their own investment and again. So like, are you going to be coaching them on how to invest? Are you trying to also get them to invest with you? Or what's kind of the vision here? The big picture, it's

[541:42] Speaker 4: helping others to invest. So it's a lot of mindset, okay, I have a free community, and it's a free community.

[543:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah? I over what second, yeah, and what. Check this out, too. I've found this sometimes we can feel a little bit of like imposter syndrome when we're stuck and we're teaching mindset to others, right? It's like, you know, I felt that same way. I was like, I'm teaching people how to communicate online, and yet I struggle all the time with communication like I I am. I really do. I am not the best at there's people way better communicators than me, but I know how to market through like sales, copy and ads and all of that much better than than they do. But maybe I'm not as articulate as they are, in some ways at the same time, I'm harsh on myself, because, as well, I think my content is pretty good. It's better than like, a person you pull off the street, right? You know, it's better than anybody. But and then I'm hard on myself, because I'll look at just like the top, elite communicators, and I'm just like, gosh, I'm like. Krakowski, just a little chicken nugget compared to them. You know,

[561:29] Speaker 4: I've had so much value, that's why I keep coming back. And I keep, yeah, so

[562:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: just like, it's just like giving ourselves that, that grace to appreciate ourselves for where we're at, and then start to get realistic with, okay, what do I gotta get done? Let's set some real timelines. Let's set some like a tangible date to have a lead magnet and an offer that gets people to give you their information. And then again, if you're going to be doing either phone calls, you're going to be doing webinars, if you're going to be doing like phone call leads. That's a really quick funnel to get up, because then you can just contact them as soon as the lead comes in and and the idea is, here's the interesting thing with phone leads, every interaction is like a micro, like presentation, you know, it's its own custom developed webinar, as far as that goes, a webinar is called one to many, where you're taking this idea of what we do with one person, and we're doing it to multiple people. So what, which, which stage do are you at right now? Do you want to? Do you want to just kind of get some leads that you can

[580:25] Speaker 4: call on the phone? So I have a community with about 800 people. You

[581:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a community with 800 people. Awesome, but yeah, so

[582:23] Speaker 4: they are on a WhatsApp group, and then I do an in person meeting once a month, and a zoom, and the Zoom is free, the WhatsApp is free. So there's a lots of free that's

[585:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: free. Okay, great. So we want to monetize, yeah, some of those people. I mean, on the low end, we can easily monetize like

[589:30] Speaker 0: 20 of them

[590:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: to something that is, you know, maybe like 510, $1,000.20 dollars. 20 people at $10,000 is 200,000 right there, you know, so and then with the rest of the people, we just want to figure out, so what's something that kind of builds them to that level? What's something that maybe we could get, like, 100 of these people that jump in that might be like a membership or something like that, or a training or a course, or something that they can buy from you. So do we have something that we can offer for sale to people? What do you have for sale?

[601:57] Speaker 4: I have nothing. Okay, so, yeah, so that's, that's, I keep getting the free people

[604:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: because, yeah, so we want to focus on selling something to people. Now, let me, let me ask you this, have you? Do you have like a, like a block around selling to people?

[608:59] Speaker 0: Possibly

[609:36] Speaker 4: just don't, can't get the format in terms of what product is,

[610:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha? Okay, well, so then that's, that's exactly it is, like, it's not going to be the perfect format initially. So that's where what I like to do is, like, take a little bit of time. I'm sure you have ideas that you've thought about that you want to sell. Think back to some of those ideas and write a few of them down, package it, put a price tag on it, and then we just start talking about it to people, and we start telling people what we have to offer. And listen, if nobody buys it, which is kind of unlikely, that nobody's going to buy it. Um, then we know, okay, what can we what can we adjust? What can we tweak? Now the best thing, and part of that about that is, let's say nobody buys it, ask your community to give you some feedback about how to make it better. Yeah, cuz then they can literally tell you, okay, they will tell you what they want to buy from you when you ask them. And that's the really cool thing about, like, having a community and an audience people, is they'll, they'll tell you what they want to buy from you. Okay, so kind of like, when you say the structure, is it like, is it the technical aspect of it, or is it the

[631:30] Speaker 4: Yeah, an idea, because I brought property some auction, and I think I've got enough credibility, enough experience, to be able to answer questions. So I was going to do a 12 week of zooms once a week, and just for very much like real format, one day it's training, another day, it's questions and answers.

[637:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that would be amazing. And I think from that it would it would unlock in you the ability to. Know, know, like, where to go from there, because you're making some kind of momentum right there. Um, I'm looking here on your website. I mean, that's just one, what's up?

[644:05] Speaker 4: That's just, that's one website. But that's not the training part. It's property millionaire.

[646:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I think about is like, I think you're somebody that like people trust and they want to work with and they want to understand this. So now it's like, what's one big promise and outcome that you can make them, that they're going to get from buying this package from you, this offer. And then we start making an offer to people, and pull them into your into a okay, you got the free Whatsapp group. Check this out. Just make a paid Whatsapp group.

[655:11] Speaker 4: Okay,

[655:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: so there you go. It's like, this is one of the ways I like to do it, is you take, what's the way that you engage with people already? If they're already engaging with you through WhatsApp, just do that again with the paid one. Have the paid Whatsapp group where they gotta pay to be a part of this talk, this community, right there. And now that's where you can start to deliver, deliver a lot of that property Millionaire Mastermind, okay,

[662:38] Speaker 0: so it is no offers.

[663:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's this

[663:49] Speaker 4: that that's the training part. That's the but I don't there's no offer on there. So that's, I need to create some offers on there.

[665:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, but you're but you are meeting. It looks like you're meeting in person, yeah? So you're doing a lot of work without people paying for a lot of this stuff. Okay, yeah. And so it's like, it's about train, and are you the one that's kind of in charge of all of this? Yeah?

[671:26] Speaker 4: So yesterday evening, we had 30 people. Yeah, they did pay $15 each for the buffet. And, yeah, but that's great, because we get good content, but we don't, don't get taking it forward. Well,

[676:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: check this out. Here's the cool thing, and again, I find this to be a lot of the case with people that we attract in my program, you got something valuable here for sure, yeah, like, like, it's worth something. It's, it's, it's helping people. You're actively in the game, helping people. So there you go. You're ahead of a lot of people who they don't even have that now, we just gotta structure it and and part of it could be taking a risk where it's like, okay, we're going to start to transition this over to being a paid mastermind. And you could even have some like membership dues around it, and you could just start adding that into it, and you can start to communicate this with people. Now, here's the thing, some people might leave you might have some of your most valuable people. They'll get pissed off. Maybe they'll start a a second mastermind, because they hate you and whatever. But that's something you like. We gotta just like, let go and realize that like, as we evolve into this next version of what you've built. It's about like taking some of those leaps, some of those risks, to do that. Because I'll tell you this, I think you're going to attract a much higher quality person when they have to pay to be there. Yeah, I think you're going to have a lot more people that are networking, doing even bigger deals, you're going to open up a lot more opportunity to yourself financially. And I'm not saying that what you have right now isn't doing that, because I guarantee you it is. I know, I don't know that it is, but I can tell, like, what you built here. It's a great, it's great. It's the, it's the Napoleon Hill mastermind model. It's great. It's brilliant. But now we gotta, we gotta, like, put some respect on it, and, like, have everybody kind of show a little bit of respect for what is built here. And I'll tell you this mastermind right here. I mean, you could charge 10 grand a year to people to be a part of it, right? And now, if you have a budget of 10 grand a year, that means that you're going to be able to do a lot more, yeah, and the people who are not going to pay that, well, they'll, they'll go do something else, and that's okay. Okay? Brilliant. So that, I think that's kind of like the stage where we're at right now is, like, it's interesting. You said you don't have an offer, but you do have an offer. It's just a unpaid offer, yeah? A free offer, yeah. So you have a really brilliant free offer. Mm. I think now what we do is maybe we take what you've built that's free, and we make it, make it paid, and we can add some free stuff. Maybe you keep the online networking, yeah, once a month for free. That's free, but if we want to meet in person these masterminds in person that's paid, we could do another online one too, where you meet additionally. So there's lots of different ways to kind of do this, but it's, it will, it's, gosh, it's going to definitely take, it's going to feel a little bit like ripping a band aid off. But I think it's time, you know? And,

[730:54] Speaker 0: yeah, it's time. All right, super

[732:31] Speaker 4: God, bless you. Thank you.

[733:14] Speaker 0: Yeah, you bet. And I

[733:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: love that, like we were able to just kind of talk through that because, like, I I now know more about what you do than I did before as well. Which is, which is great, yeah. And I think again, what you, what you have here, is awesome. What we, what we want to do, though, is we want to add a add a piece. And here's the thing, too, the membership itself might not be by charging money. You're going to open yourself up to a higher caliber a person, and you're going to monetize, I think a lot on the back end of that too. Yeah. So thank you. Yeah, yeah. I see Mary's on here. What's up, Mary? How are you doing today?

[746:14] Speaker 5: I'm good, good. I have some ideas that I've just I'm trying to simplify my, like, my next steps, but, um, yeah, one of the things, and I know we, we probably talked about this, but, uh, doing maybe, like a mini workshop. And I need to actually launch a new website, like I have an author website, but I want to build out a ministry website, because now, like, I'm I'm officially a a nonprofit, yeah? So do you my author website is on WordPress, okay, but I usually can update some minor things. If it's major, I have to call like, I have to hire somebody to Yeah. So what do you recommend? Do you Can I stick? I mean, should I stick with WordPress? Or can I build out,

[765:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe, like on Squarespace?

[765:57] Speaker 5: Squarespace is it pretty easy to do myself. Really is

[766:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: the easiest platform for people to do themselves, and that's why I recommend it so much because it's it's drag and drop. It's very easy to learn. My first course that I actually created that's still called website building made easy, and it's a Squarespace course that still has a lot of like, the basics are still in there. That work. They haven't changed Squarespace that much since I made that course in 20, 2019, even though it's like five years old, it's like, it's relevant. But then I have the updated one for like, funnel building and all that, and I show you, kind of, how do you make the pages and all that type of stuff. Well, here's the cool thing about Squarespace. When you create a Squarespace site, they they create like pages for you. Okay,

[781:29] Speaker 0: so

[781:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: if, if I was just going to kind of, I'm just going to show you this here, because how, how fun it is. And they look really nice. Okay, well, I love it. It's just they look so good. Okay, you got all these these. Okay, so they go through this process. What's the topic of what you're doing? Mm, hmm, okay, the topic of your site?

[789:20] Speaker 5: Ministry, yeah, teaching, teaching, religion, spirituality.

[791:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so you want to sell courses, build community

[793:44] Speaker 0: memberships, okay,

[794:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: so they have this thing that's called blueprint AI, or there's like designer templates, so you can kind of go through, like, there's one template right there that they're saying is the best match. Here's a couple other, like services templates that you could build. And what's interesting, like, these are really trendy styles. Files. I mean, I'm even looking at some of these. I'm like, I might even rebuild my site on some of these newer templates, because they're really, really trendy. So it gives you a lot of those like abilities to do stuff like that. And then let's say that you start with a design right here

[807:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: with a click of a button like that. And you can literally create a bunch of like free ones just to play around with so it doesn't cost you anything, and it goes through and it literally it builds it, and it builds out, like, all the initial pages and stuff, okay, for you, so, like, right here, okay, this is already all set up right here, and all you gotta do is just change the text, change the images and stuff, okay? Or, like, delete sections. Like, they were like, okay, maybe I don't need this membership section here.

[818:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: We can just remove this whole block by highlighting over it and click on an image. Double click. So everything is just kind of point, click and drag and drop. Okay,

[822:55] Speaker 5: so I have, I need to streamline everything. I have WordPress, I have Kajabi.

[825:37] Speaker 0: I have,

[826:17] Speaker 5: yeah, right now it's WordPress and Kajabi, okay, and but should I, is this equivalent to Kajabi, or should I more

[829:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: WordPress equivalent? Okay, now I'll tell you this. Kajabi has a lot of like, page and site builders too, though, in it, yeah, you might be able to, if you like Kajabi, you might be able to just move over to using the Kajabi

[833:31] Speaker 0: page builder as well. Okay, wrong with that one,

[834:44] Speaker 5: what are the main I guess? Is it lacking anything that I would need?

[837:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know progress. Kajabi isn't lacking anything. Which is really cool. Okay, yeah, you can honestly do everything on Kajabi, okay, um, which is awesome. It's just Kajabi is more expensive. Mm, hmm. But if you have it, I would just use that for everything. Well, I think it's like the all in one, and it does so good. Okay, I know a number of people like they built their whole because everything, their website, landing pages, all that through Kajabi, and it's and it's effective at that, because that's what they built it for. It's like to really, and it's one of the best softwares for all that. Okay,

[847:57] Speaker 5: so I'm going to, what I'm going to do is I, I'm keeping my author website that I'll have a tab that leads to the Ministry website, okay, that people can kind of so on my author website, I do like all my books, maybe the coaching on there, and then the ministry stuff I might do, the the mentorship and part like partners, I don't know if I just could i This is another idea is, Instead of mentorship, could I offer partnership and have like, like different levels. Like partnership, you get access to all my I put all the mini courses in there, and then, like a VIP level would be, like, you'd get a monthly call. Or, yeah, okay, yeah, I

[863:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: know Katie Souza has a pretty good one. Mm,

[864:23] Speaker 0: hmm, okay, I'll look at that.

[865:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of the the guy who built hers out he was learned he was part of my mom's inner circle for the longest time, and kind of did that. She's she, she's got a great brand that she's built. Um, have you ever heard her speak? Yeah, I love her. She's awesome, yeah, but what she has, though is she has right here, let me see three ways to partner with us. So it's like these different like partnership levels, but then, yeah, you get like, access to everything. It's like, looks like her Academy is down, but yeah, you get access to these different things by doing that. That's how she did it before. Uh, again, I don't know why she doesn't have it that way now, but yes, the partnership, like partner mentoring kind of is term is a good is a good model that you can do, and you especially if it's a foreign ministry, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's good, yep, okay, you know, so for partnering, for this much, you get access to these benefits. Okay, yep, and then and again, it's, it's, it's just, it's the membership business model with a little bolted on, like, non profit aspect to it, right? Um, again. Now, I'm not an expert on, like, the legal sides of that, but I know, yeah, whatever you gotta do to you want to make it legit, for sure, but there's a way to make it legit.

[894:22] Speaker 5: So, yeah, I need to get, I need to get it accounted, because I need to sort out what's for profit, what's non profit? And, yeah, yeah, beginning, yeah. And

[898:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: now I've worked with a lot of ministries, they'll usually have a for profit and a non profit, kind of like two separate entities, yeah, usually. And so they'll run a lot of the incoming money into the for profit, and then that kind of does the payroll and advertising costs, and then kind of whatever is like left over on that kind of can be poured into whatever the nonprofit is doing. Now the nonprofit then needs to allocate those funds effectively, from what I understand, you know, to keep it above board, you know, you don't, you don't want, like, stuff that's on the nonprofit side. You wanted to, I think that's like, zero itself out, or something like, there's some a nonprofit can have profit in some way. I don't know that whole world on that side of it. I know how to mark,

[913:10] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah. But I know a lot of people that

[913:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: have done that, and they've done really good job with it. And so yeah, I think that's that's a great model to be able to do, yeah,

[915:45] Speaker 0: for sure, yeah. So yeah. I think I

[917:12] Speaker 5: just that's the next step. I think I need to get with the account you're in the account, right? Yeah, okay, Texas.

[919:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're in Texas. What part of Texas? Houston,

[920:18] Speaker 0: okay, yeah, I

[921:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: very rarely get down there. My wife and I visited for a wedding, and I we like Austin a lot more than Houston, so as it getting hit for the like with the some of this hurricane traffic,

[928:13] Speaker 5: yeah, no, no, totally different. Feel

[929:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: sorry the hurricane affecting you at all.

[930:13] Speaker 5: No, no, no, but yeah, it's a totally different. Feel like Austin is like, just completely different. But

[932:34] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah, yeah, awesome.

[933:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright. Is there anything that you want me to, like, look over or review with you?

[935:46] Speaker 5: I do want to ask just to get things My My thing is, I have, like, these are all the things I'm trying to start. I have, like, a list of like, 10 different things that I listed that I'm trying to start, and I guess I want to start getting the the business side going, yeah, yeah, um, however, I just don't Know What to start with. Like, do I is? Is it worth spending money on ads for a to get people on my email list or or should I just jump into offering a course?

[947:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the idea is, you want to have a you want to have something that you are offering. Mm, hmm, so like they kind of go hand in hand. And I think it's, I think that is one definitely great distinction, is the purpose of growing the email list is so that you can direct them to the thing that's paid so, like, just growing the email list by itself kind of not very effective, right? Just having a course that's paid to promote, also not as effective, but it's this way of like, hey, let's connect. And then they you start informing them and building that trust and relationship that way. So like, for instance, and again, because people's attention span is kind of a lot shorter, if we grow our email list and then we don't send them a lot of stuff. We don't send anything to the list. They forget about. Us. And now our getting them to buy something are really low, and so what I look for is, okay, what am I going to sell? We want to know what that is. We want to know what the thing that we're going to sell is. And like, you don't have to have it built, but you kind of just want to have, like the basic, like skeleton kind of in mind. You want to have it on paper. And then what I like to do is just kind of simultaneously, I'll build the thing that I'm selling. Building the thing that you're selling should take a lot you should put a lot less energy into, like the thing that you're selling on the front end, and put more of that into what you're then marketing to grow the email list, and so then the email list is to just draw in as many people that would be qualified for the thing that you're selling. Okay, so we're qualifying them because, again, lots of people are out there. Not everybody can benefit from what you might be selling or promoting or the partnership with you. But now how do we then get as many of those potential partners on your email list, and then they start to enjoy hanging out with you, getting to know you, spending time with you, connecting with you, and then wanting to partner with you,

[980:17] Speaker 0: right? And so that says that's

[981:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: how that works, right?

[981:44] Speaker 5: Because I think I've spent all this time doing a lot of parts, but they're not, it's not like moving, you know what I'm saying, like, Okay, I got the email list, okay, and I got, okay, I'm posting on social media, um, I'm doing this part, this part, you know, just got the website up. Have, have an idea of a skeleton of the course I'm going to offer. But it's like, now I need to really connect them all. Um, connect and, like, get get it like, Now now, like, get it functioning, like, where everything's feeding into each other, like, I feel like I've just spent so much time building the parts, yeah, but now I need, I need things to start running, and my weakness is I'll get New ideas, like, because I'm a visionary, oh, I just started podcast, okay? And then I start looking into that so, and

[999:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, and it's because the whenever we get a new idea, it it excites us. We feel Yes, and we kind of get, we get a little bit addicted to that

[1003:21] Speaker 0: excitement. Yeah, we get

[1004:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: addicted to the I the new idea, right? Yeah. Again, you're talking to somebody who is one of the most guilty of that Mm, hmm. I've had to train myself. Okay, I got all these ideas, but let me execute on the the last idea that I got, let me get that going, and then I'll get clarity for what my next move should be. And it's really disciplining ourselves to do that, and it can be kind of painful, because it's like, like building our business can feel as as fun as cleaning the toilets sometimes, but like, we know that we have to do that because the payoff of you know, let's say that, do you like having, like, parties at your house or things like that? Sure, sure, maybe, maybe not. Depends on I enjoy the

[1017:37] Speaker 5: parties. I just don't like the preparation and all that. There you go,

[1018:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. But like, you gotta do the preparation side of it, yeah, so you've been, you've been kind of, you've been putting a lot of the pieces together, but now it's like, okay, we gotta, like, we gotta set a date for when the party is, and we gotta, like, do the final steps to like, let people know that they can come over. Right? That's where we're at right now, you know, and that toilet over there probably needs to be cleaned before everybody comes over too, as well. That we've been ignoring sis, my wife and I, we just had her best friend come over for like, a week, and literally, like, that's what we spent, like, the last three days before she came, doing I like, I carve out now in my schedule, like, when we know somebody's coming from out of town, whatever the first day before they arrive is, like, I'm just going to, like, block that out to like, we're going to, like, clean the house up that day, because we know, like, that's the final preparation stage for that. And so that's the thing is, for you, it's kind of like disciplining ourselves to just kind of take a step over the ledge of where we've been, get out of the comfortable, familiar of all the pieces we've been putting together that haven't really been gaining the momentum. If we have an idea. Write it down. We don't need to jump on it right now. It's okay. I'll tell you this one thing i i think that there can be in the prophetic community, this idea of, like, if you don't act on an idea right away, like it's going to disappear, type of a thing, yeah. But like, practically, when it comes to in in business and being a builder like we gotta figure out either how to execute on those ideas, but we also gotta be responsible for the ideas that we previously had too, and get those going. And so that's that's one of the biggest things that I've just always and it's okay as well. You had an idea. Maybe that idea wasn't meant to be fully executed on, but it was to connect to the thing that you're meant to build. And that's what I found happens for me. I have ideas all the time that I know, actually it's probably a good idea for me not to act on, but it connected me. I'll spend a little bit of time looking into it, and then I'll get a piece from it that I'm going to apply to the things that I want to do. I studied creating comic books for a while, for a long time, I don't know, but it literally taught me so much about what I do now with my marketing, and I'm seeing full circle a lot of the things that even I was studying four or five years ago that I did nothing with, but I had fun with them now, how I'm able to use some of those pieces, but I didn't like, I know, like, okay, that idea wasn't really for me to fully execute on, and so it's okay too to, like, let some of the ideas, kind of like, Go sit over here and focus on what, what now we take a big picture and we say, Okay, what am I responsible to get accomplished? And that's where it's like, kind of like, we step in as, kind of like the grown up in the room with ourselves, you know, to like, say, Okay, we gotta, we gotta, maybe put some of the toys away, and let's, let's, let's, let's get the dinner table ready a little bit. Yeah, you know,

[1073:28] Speaker 0: right, there you go.

[1073:53] Speaker 5: Um,

[1074:09] Speaker 0: do you ever,

[1074:21] Speaker 5: yeah, it was, that's

[1075:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: how I look at it visually in my own mind when I'm doing stuff. So that's exactly,

[1076:49] Speaker 5: do you ever do? Like, like, in person, like strategies sessions or workshops. Are they like, where you actually look like, look at each person's, you know, where I do that

[1080:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: with my one on one coaching, okay, um, we can do that in here. We do, we do that kind of online with the offer Launchpad event where we're able to do that. I've not done a lot of in person, especially because, like, I launched this business after covid And so, but I've been dreaming up. I've been I've been thinking about, like, doing some in person stuff here the next over the next year or so, I had a great time. We got like, 300 people into the room, into a room with my mom, and I got to speak at that and it was just amazing. Like, I had so much fun doing that. I think in person stuff is really fun. I think especially for what you're doing, there's a there's a real connection there. Because the tangible part of it is like, let's, let's meet in person. One of the things, though, with in person is like, you know, you're kind of sometimes limited by locality. Who's going to come out people. It's an investment to meet in person. It can cost, like nowadays, for somebody to come across the country. It's, it might be like, three, three grand that they're going to drop just to come meet in person, plus whatever the ticket of that in person thing is. So, you know, but if you're, if we're attracting people with that kind of a budget, then, yeah, it works.

[1100:39] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay, right. Nice. Thank you.

[1101:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Hello. Sue McGarvey, how are you today?

[1103:41] Sue McGarvie: Sorry. Jeremiah Krakowski, which airport I'm at? The airport? Yeah, I'm at the airport. So which one are you at? Uh, I'm at the Ottawa international headed west. It's Canadian Thanksgiving this weekend. So yes, that's what we're doing. Y, O, W is where I am. You're looking. Um, yep, I sent you the the I put it posted in the Facebook group, the letter that I did, the new letter I'm trying, what I'm what I'm doing, is I'm doing what you have suggested. I am taking your stuff, asking different AI's to write, rewrite your tone with my content. Yeah, and what's interesting? It's an interesting AI thing, and I just wanted your thoughts on it, because I'm doing it with my course. I didn't. I bought the Creative Market. This really slick. I. Um, presentation. Did all the work and realized that I think it circles. And basically, instead of doing course one, course two, course three, course four, I had a bit of each. So when I presented it, it was interesting, but it didn't make sense, because I was going to rerecord it and use it as an evergreen. And the process of teaching it live. I went, Oh, I need to. So what I have done, and here's what I'm doing. I took all the content that I'm I'm looking for, and saying, here's how I do it. And I want, I want AI to break it down into courses, and then I got them to do it as an acronym, which is really fun, fun. So, yeah, so to do it as an acronym. So that piece, but I'm, yeah, we're going to continue. It's, it's a lot harder than I thought in terms of breaking it down, smaller pieces, doing the course outline, because I need, I need the structure, and I'm harder with the structure. I'm realizing that's not going very well. So that's where I'm that's where I'm stuck. But I did the I did the copy based on, I have two based on you with different AI's. And I thought, well, I'll have them for copywriting. But realized my flight needed to be earlier, then the flight was delayed, and I thought I would have been arrived by then, by the time I was doing this. So,

[1141:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I like the hook, like finding love over 40,

[1143:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: can feel like You're facing up

[1144:44] Speaker 3: Stephanie. It

[1145:15] Speaker 1: doesn't have to be

[1147:24] Sue McGarvie: that. You, sorry. I'm gonna

[1148:18] Speaker 0: I muted you a little bit. Let me see.

[1149:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So is this an email that you're sending out,

[1151:09] Sue McGarvie: just asking for feedback?

[1151:32] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, I

[1153:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think for like, like body copy and like the storytelling aspect of it, it's really great. I think we need a good, sharp headline with this. So it's like developing out a couple of headlines

[1158:32] Speaker 0: for something like this. Let's take a look at

[1159:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: which AI algorithms are you playing around with?

[1160:48] Sue McGarvie: I've got chatgpt, I've got Gemini and I've got abacus. Are the three I have subscriptions to no baby yet? Does the baby arrive? Not yet. Not yet. Okay, not yet.

[1164:27] Speaker 0: Yeah, we have

[1165:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: just a lot of exhaustion. But I

[1166:22] Sue McGarvie: have been there. I have been there longest three days of my life when I was overdue. Like, yeah, yeah.

[1167:55] Speaker 3: I begged the midwife, begged her to break my wife, like begged her. So, yeah, I get it. So,

[1171:02] Sue McGarvie: anyway, just, just so

[1171:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: two ideas, like for a headline was like, unlock the secrets to finding love over 40. Crack the code to love over 40, find meaningful companionship over 40, even if you tried everything before and nothing seems to work like just something like that.

[1176:38] Sue McGarvie: Okay, again, keep give it, keep it transformational. Yeah,

[1177:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: just something about that, just as like because that we're or anchoring it around the end outcome. Because, again, the idea is, in any time that we're marketing or any copy, we're creating an internal attachment with them. We're getting them attached to this idea of an end outcome. And so anytime we're selling something or marketing, that's what we're doing, is we're creating that sort of attachment to whatever that end outcome is. And so then they have in their mind for me to get to that end outcome is to go all the way with Sue.

[1188:52] Sue McGarvie: Hey, I hear you. So work on outcome related headlines. Yeah,

[1190:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: the covid here was a great, like, emotional story that connects and unpacks whatever that headline is, because that's like, the dive deeper part of it. Okay, yeah, that's

[1193:05] Sue McGarvie: a good that's a good activity for me on the plane. Just look for Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's sort of outcome related. What is the actual outcome story? Yeah, headlines, okay

[1196:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: with with abacus, if you use the oh one preview, that one's really good at making headlines from, like, taking ideas that you have. I am finding it really great at coming up with headlines. And things like that with the oh one,

[1200:36] Speaker 0: right? I'm gonna

[1201:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Claude sonnet, 3.5

[1202:04] Sue McGarvie: Claude sonnet. Can you post that? Claude

[1203:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: so it's in abacus. So that's why I love abacus, because it has all of them in the same application, right? Like, you don't need to be paying for Gemini at all okay if you have abacus, and technically, you don't even need to be paying for chat GPT if you have abacus. Okay, so you should be able to just use abacus as like your only main application, okay. Um, so inside of abacus, they have a little drop down with all the different AI algorithms. I don't know if you can see it. You're on your phone, right? Yep. But can you see the little drop down in abacus right here? Okay, so Claude sonnet, three, five. Never heard of it, but thank you. Okay, yeah, yeah. So it's again, it's kind of like GBT four, oh. It's kind of like, this is a BMW and this is a Mercedes, fair enough. It's better at, like writing. It's definitely Claude sonnet is incredible at writing email marketing, like I just got done for one for a client. Well, Rick Pino, he had me write 56 emails using and I use Claude sonnet for most of

[1222:48] Sue McGarvie: them. Okay, thank you for that. That's it, cuz it

[1223:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: knows how to write good marketing emails for offers really well. The other AIS aren't as good at writing email. For some reason, Claude sonnet, three, five is like just above and Beyond. The best for email, there's that your flight, i

[1232:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you still there?

[1235:25] Sue McGarvie: I am. I'm sorry I was trying to not, not, you know. And so every time I, you know, I really like your Thursday classes. But every time I listen, I get something. So I've never heard of this, so that I will play with and figure out. But, you know, because it's my challenge to one of the things I'm going to do this week is to write, you know, 30. I was thinking 30 emails, you'd be ambitious. Not 56 but 30. Um, so we'll see. I think that's, I think that's, what. So first five I did, I took your the emails that you're sending out, and I changed it for my content. And then, but you said, I'll come up with a whole pile of hooks and see what we can do.

[1245:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's great for email. Email again, usually there's like, that's more like, you're drawing them into emails interesting because it's a bit like an advertisement and a blog post and like a short like Instagram reel, but in written form, all in one and so like the first part of the email on the subject line, the first line and All that, most people read that and decide if they're going to ignore the rest of the email. So I put whatever's the most important thing that they need to know in those that first line and the subject line, and sometimes, again, the subject line. We want to mix up the different subject lines. Sometimes you can use some kind of off, off color subject lines too, to get their attention. Like, you could send a subject line which is like a peach emoji, and that's all it is, and you'll notice that you'll get more people opening it, because it's not, it's a pattern interrupt.

[1262:31] Speaker 3: That's a great suggestion. Yeah, yeah, the eggplant to the peach. Okay, yeah.

[1263:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you just send that as the subject line, and you'll see an AWeber, the open rate is going to just go through the roof for that one email compared to

[1265:30] Sue McGarvie: the rest. Really great. You know, that's a brilliant idea, yeah.

[1266:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And like, sometimes we'll write an email where it's like, you know, personal message, please open. Sometimes we'll be like, we'll just put the word Hey as the subject line. We've done that before. If all the subject line is is just like mentioning what's in the email, people tend to ignore it, so that's why sometimes we mix some of that up a little

[1272:24] Speaker 0: bit too. All

[1272:48] Sue McGarvie: good suggestions. Okay, so, so here's my challenge. I'm going to I'm going to do 10, and I don't want to post 10, I don't want to test

[1276:34] Sue McGarvie: how many, how many would you? Would you be able to say? Maybe I'll put a couple of the best ones and see what your thoughts are.

[1277:57] Speaker 0: What's up? Oh,

[1278:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: just post Yeah, or put them in like a Google Doc, and share that in the group, and I can take a look. Okay, yeah, that's great, awesome. All right, anyone, anybody else, anybody else got any more stuff for either copy or things maybe you want some coaching on or some help with, before we log off here for the day? I

[1286:45] Speaker 0: Going once, going twice.

[1288:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really enjoyed what I got to talk with Sunil about and Shonda at the beginning of this. So if you have a chance to go back and maybe you missed the the video just watching the beginning of it. There's a lot of value in there. So definitely, Alright, y'all, we're going to, we're going to log off here. Um, yay. We made it past the copywriting call, and the baby wasn't born. It's funny. I told my wife. I was like, you know, let's get past Thursday, and then the baby can be born. Our wedding anniversary is tomorrow. We went to Waco and spent some time there on Tuesday, an early anniversary. So that was that was fun. But yeah, lots of stuff going on around here. We're we're excited and stay plugged in with you guys throughout everything. I'm so thankful we got such a great support system around us, and it's awesome. Alright, um, anyone who's watching on the recording or live, Mary Sunil, y'all have a good one. Love you guys. You're awesome. See you on Monday, unless you know, or in labor or the baby got born like the night before, and We'll reschedule. We'll push it to like a Tuesday or Wednesday or so. Alright, y'all have a good one and goodbye. You.

