Sales Letter and Landing Page Copywriting Made Easy - Lesson 3
Date: 2024-12-15T06:17:30.000Z
Duration: 19 min
Otter ID: y8ntYYGqqzQi3mDsv1yDsVBviYs
---

[0:09] Speaker 0: All right, so now that we have a Google Doc with some sales copy, what is the process of actually turning this into a landing page? Well, again, you know, we have our structure, we got our headline, we have our graphic right here. All this, this is easy. This is the easiest part right here to translate this into an actual page. And this is the part where it actually it takes some getting used to that you're going to have to bite the bullet, take some action and do something, even if it feels uncomfortable, even if it's something that you're not necessarily used to. And so depending on what type of software you you're using for your website, whether it be WordPress, go high level Squarespace, they all kind of have a certain way of actually building things out. And so we're going to show you in Squarespace right now. I'm going to show you how I would do this if I'm building a landing page out number one again, I'm going to need some kind of a graphic that goes at the top as well. That describes what the offer actually is that we're offering to people. So let's say that this is going to be a webinar right here. Okay, we're going to go over to chat GPT, and I'm going to say, generate me 20 ideas for a name for a webinar based on this. Okay? And I'm going to paste the sales letter in there. Copy and paste, you. Copy and paste the sales letter. And he gives us these ideas, speak up and stand out, reclaim your confidence at work. Okay, great. So now we're going to go live webinar in Canva, and we're going to create some kind of a graphic with there we go and customize this. And this will be a graphic that can go at the top. Speak up, stand out, reclaim your confidence at work. Okay, perfect. We're going to replace this right here in Canva and everything, you just kind of click on it, copy and paste, and, you know, change it with with your info right here. See in a template in Canva, it's just clicking on what you want to change, double clicking, putting in those details, and that's it, okay, and so that's, that's where, right there, in just a couple of seconds, we were able to kind of put something like that together. And you can go find a template in Canva be able to do something like this very easily yourself. Now, when it comes to actually creating the landing page, whatever your page builder is that you're using, you're going to go in create a brand new page of some kind. Okay, it's a brand new page, and we're going to start to add in the details. So let's say we have our headline right here at the top. This is why having the Google Doc is so great, because you can copy piece by piece, each piece right here. Okay, so there's our headline. We're going to make that our heading right there. We're going to throw in an image right here.

[52:56] Speaker 0: Select an image. There's this right here. Okay, now, let's say I don't want it to fill the whole screen right there. We can throw in, you know, a spacer. I or see spacer, spacer.

[61:35] Speaker 0: All right. Next we're gonna throw in another piece of text. All right. Tired of working yourself to the bone, there we go. So copy and paste. We're able to copy and paste it into a page like this. You can start adding in

[69:16] Speaker 0: some more images. Let's see Let's add in. Let's take this AI image right here,

[72:54] Speaker 0: and let's take the example I'm screenshot. Screenshot it right there. Upload File. Here's our screenshot. I'm.

[80:05] Speaker 0: Go, add this right here, over to the side. Okay, there you go. So, and this is how I put together landing pages. This is how we put them together, as you just copy and paste the text I you start to copy and paste it right in. Imagine this. Here's this, okay. Now let's say we got this image right here, and this is really, again, the structure that I would use for creating a landing page. Every landing page that we create, that I create, usually has this kind of a layout, slash structure to it, of some kind. See

[96:44] Speaker 0: this? Let's copy this, put it over here.

[100:06] Speaker 0: Okay, and so again, what you're going to notice is two things already at the top here. There's a structure that's the same as the landing pages we talked about this in lesson one, the same as all the other types of landing pages that we created. You have your headline. You got a graphic in the top right here that says what it is. You got our sales copy that we wrote right here. We got an image that accompanies it off to the side. Here. We were able to kind of drag this image over off to the side, join the webinar invitation, what you'll learn, and not the other image,

[110:10] Speaker 0: and then we can throw in our call to action right here. I'm

[113:13] Speaker 0: okay, don't miss this opportunity. Seats are limited. Let's throw in our newsletter form. Okay? Instead of it saying subscribe, I'll put this register now for this training, drag this over here. Like this. Register now for this all right? Or put require Name field post submit, that's going to redirect them to a thank you link. We'll make that link in a second and put this as a stack. Okay, so right there we were able to create a basic landing page for an offer. Now let's say we have some testimonies. I would throw those testimonies right here in between the the newsletter form. Okay, so let's just, let's just take an image. We can use this as a testimony. There's one right here. Okay, I was struggling to have confidence in my business, and now, after working with Jeremiah, I am making over $100,000 per month from this coaching. Be here. Listen to what he says and apply Joshua. And that's it's actually not far off from the from a testimony I have with them. Let's say that that is the testimony that that of what working with me was like for them. But this 02, 100k that'll be our headline title right there.

[152:11] Speaker 0: Take this right and then you can go in and you can just add, you can know, you can add another one. You can add in, I like to do a line in between them. We might throw in another testimony, and I like to stack them. We got, like a photo of the person that's leaving the testimony off to the side. We have whatever their written testimony is. So that's why we want to, want to write it out. Jeremiah. Jeremiah gave me the clarity I needed to know exactly how to scale to over $35,000 per month in my business. Dawn process. Okay, I I

[166:58] Speaker 0: gain clarity to make multiple six figures. Okay, great, there's that. And so like in Squarespace, we just drag it, drag it over. Drag everything over. Let's see, drag that one over. It's a little too much, roll this back down,

[174:24] Speaker 0: right and you can just keep doing that with any testimonies that we have. So again, right there that has all the elements of a completed landing page. We started with a Google doc right here. Okay, with all these elements, we got our headline at the top. We were able to use the AI to help us write that headline. We got our story section about what it is, how people help us, casting that vision, creating that visual cue in people's minds. As far as what that is, we have our image that accompanies that. We have the invitation, the what's included section right here, okay, maybe even use AI and say, generate, Gen, generate me 15 more bullet points, like this one for the webinar above. Okay, so let's say that there's these bullet points. Look at we could have a generator 15 more bullet points, just like those. That's why, like, you don't have to reinvent the wheel. When you use AI, you can go in, you can have the AI generate us different stuff like that. So let's say inside what you're going to learn, we could add in all these points right here as well, and what they could learn, how to identify, overcome what's holding you back, all that. And truthfully, I like to do that with the bullet points. I like to have kind of a longer list as well with that. But that's exactly how we would translate it from a Google doc over to the landing page, over to a page to get people to register for it. Okay, now what we'll do is we'll go through and you can either proofread it once it's on the page right here, I like to get it on a page to make it tangible. One of the first steps that I do with my team is we're actually doing this. We actually have a couple of different offers that we're creating. The first step I give them is to duplicate an existing landing page. This is older sales copy from an existing offer, but we duplicate it for whatever we're creating, even a month in advance, over a month in advance, of what we're going to be creating, so that we can start to at least put the pieces together. So we can start to create it, so that we have the skeletal structure of what it is, then we just start to translate it from the Google doc over to the landing page, and that saves us an enormous amount of time from putting stuff together. And so we want to break past this overthinking of the landing page. We want to break out of that. And you want to realize that it's not over complicated, that it's not super hard to put landing pages together, to put sales letters together to start to launch your offer, to put them out there. And AI helps us do this incredibly with the AI. Then what we can do is we can go through and again, we can proofread this and say, okay, is this exactly how I would say it myself? And when it comes to sales copy, it's not about it sounding like your voice. This is one of those areas where there's not a voice that you're trying to duplicate of your voice personally, of how you would talk and say it to people with sales copy. It's intentionally supposed to be persuasive in order to get people to buy from you, and the tone is specifically designed to be able to do that. So it might not sound exactly how you would say it, but there's a sales copy writing tone that's effective, that's conversational, informal and persuasive. Okay, so you want to get very specific about a specific aspect of how you help people overall. And that's what we were able to do with this graphic right here that shows us the title and this headline, reclaim your confidence, set boundaries, get the promotion you deserve, even if you've been overlooked for years. Okay,

[239:15] Speaker 0: I might add, no longer struggle with. This. I might even add something like this to the top of it. I mentioned to its fourth attention. I

[246:17] Speaker 0: Okay, kind of working hard, staying late, putting in the extra effort for my ads and like that. I know what it feels like. I've been there too. I've been there way too often I see the person who said yes, everything because I thought that's exactly what you need to do to get ahead.

[253:51] Speaker 0: I've worked hard enough someone eventually noticed. But that's why that's right, no no one cared. No one noticed instead of getting recognized. And this is where it's all about, like getting specific in their mind as to what it is you don't want anything left to chance. In this section, this is me getting very specific, right there. No one cared. No one noticed. So we mentioned that didn't work, but that we're getting really specific. We're adding a specific part into it, because that creates that emotional trigger, that emotional driver for people to recognize what it matters to them in this narrative setting, and recognize I got passed over. Instead of feeling valued, I felt invisible. And the more I say it's out, the more I started to believe that maybe I wasn't good enough deserve more of it. Everything changed my calling, simple truth. If I didn't ever keep it for myself, no one else will. This row, I'm gonna add another specificity thing, very specific. I learned exactly what to say and how to say it, and that changed everything. I I learned how to set boundaries, speak up with confidence and show my true value. And let me tell you, once I started use this, everything shifted. Now I want to show you how to make that shift as well. Okay, then from here like this is the only part that I really am going to spend a lot of time writing and focusing on, is this storytelling part, this part where we're casting vision in their mind, specifically as to what the experience is. This, by the way, for most people that I meet, this part right here is the one that most people get wrong, and they never actually create a section that's a storytelling section that gets specific enough. And this is the part most people are going to read. They're going to read your headline, they read your title, and they're going to read your story section. And if the story section doesn't hook them, you're never going to get them to read the bullet points and then to register. And that's why most people aren't don't register, is because this story section does not hook them, it does not connect with them. It does not connect with exactly who they are and what they're going after, and so that's where you're going to put your effort, is by tweaking that story section right there to get it really dial in as far as who specifically you're going to help. And then the rest kind of falls into place from here. I tell most people, they get this right. Most people get this part really right. Like the what's included, you know, the final call to action. Imagine this all that most of the clients I meet with like this part is perfect for them already, and so they don't need to do a lot of changes here. The only changes they really ever need to make is in the story section, because they're either it's non existent at all, or it's still way too focused on what they're going to give the client, rather than painting a picture as far as the experience goes, and telling a story on the experience. So you want to mirror the experience back to them. That's why we also use visuals like this, and that's what's going to really attract the right people to you overall with your ad campaigns to get them to buy from you. From there, alright, I'll see you in the next lesson. You.

