WCA - Copywriting, Funnel & Ad Reviews & Live Q&A
Date: 2025-12-08T21:17:47.000Z
Duration: 79 min
Otter ID: D8c3-ccjih1Q29notWI8Dvn0PJI
---

[3:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go live in here. Gonna get the Go Live set up over here

[11:22] Speaker 0: so I'm wrong button live stream on the custom live Stream service.

[15:20] Speaker 1: All Right?

[26:31] Speaker 2: Girls do

[45:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool. Let's Go Live. What's up everybody? Welcome on in to our live Q, a here today. I hope you all are doing good. I gotta tell you, when running ads, the best thing that you can do is find the ones that are working and then make more of those same types of ads. That's one of the things that I think can really help you when you are running ad campaigns trying to get more clients, is to take what's working and just rerecord those like I have right now, a number of different ads and stuff that I created, that I have put up into a Google Drive, that I've created that I'm going to be launching for my Instagram class. What I need to do those, I need to edit them with CAP cut. That's one of my things that I'm doing. So my workflow now is, I create the video with my phone. Usually I'm going to record it. I'll make maybe some AI background clips, and then I'll take create some royalty free music with suno. I'll edit those two together with CAP cut, and then we run those with ads. And that's that's pretty much that that process pretty simple. So that's what I have right now. I have a number of different ads that I'm going to run. We I found exactly what's working. Here's something that I discovered in my last round of ads is the more when you're running an ad, the more storytelling that you do in the ad, the worse it performs, which is complete opposite of like a landing page, a landing. Page should have a storytelling aspect to it. But with an ad, you want to directly cut through to what the thing is that you're advertising. So for instance, like all of this fluffy all that kind of those ads didn't perform well. The ones that were specifically like this. It was this sequence of words, if you're a coach or course creator who wants to get better results with Instagram ads, and then I pause, I use this to get over 600 sales in one week with our program. Using this, I put together a brand new training. It's five bucks all about what to do with your Instagram ads. So within 10 seconds, they got all the info they basically needed to make a decision, right? Yeah, so, like, it's with an ad you want to sort of like, figure out, how do I not in a way that seems like you're rushed. But how do I give all the pertinent information? Because then all the other ads that I ran that were kind of like, Did it do this? They did not perform as well, but the ones that gave the pertinent information, then that ends up driving the click throughs over to the page, and eventually the sales so and then I'm thinking back to when I was running ads for a lot of my webinars. Because I take a big picture. I take a big picture of all the webinars I've ran, all the performance of my ad campaigns. The ads that perform the best are when I had like something that cut through to a need that somebody had within five seconds and offered a solution right away, and so, and I remember, like, going back to my my ad script generator that we have, those were the most important things, is like, who it's for problem, they have solution that you offer in one thing, Quick call to action, and then you can kind of add to it from there, but the opening hook needs to talk about those specific things. And so, yeah, I'm like realizing that all ads should drive specifically to those things. If we're if we're talking about a lot of fluff or things like that. The ads themselves don't necessarily perform as well, so just keep that in mind. You can talk about the fluff after you give the pertinent information for them to make a blink decision, is this for me, or is this not typical thing? All right? Well, today is our Q A review Day Live Q, a coaching day. Here to answer your coaching questions that you have. It's interesting. Um, I want to. I want to. I probably need to go back and edit the the email. I thought more people would be interested in kind of like a a review day, but I think more people are interested in just like a Q and A day, it seems like So alright, you just posted a huge awareness in the group. That's awesome. Tiffany, we'll go check it out. What's up? Adele, how you doing? Hi.

[133:57] Adele Best: Jeremiah, hi everybody. I've just literally got in from the office, so I'm not prepared. I haven't got my copy ready to put on the screen or whatever, and but I did send you a link to a coach that I'm that I want to try to go into that niche, but do it from a biblical perspective. So she teaches wealth from a manifestation perspective. I sent you a link on Instagram during the week and do your Instagram account. I don't think you've seen it, but her copy would be quite well. I'd be interested for your tips on how to write copy to kind of match that kind of

[143:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: market. Okay,

[144:16] Adele Best: let me see, yes, I really don't agree with what she's teaching. She's just teaching like, as far as I'm starting, it's fluff, whereas I know I can teach that from a solid basis, but I still want it to be elevated and luxury, that kind of Lux vibe, that kind of market. Yeah, that's what I want to do. Her name's Jenna black.

[150:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's something that you will be surprised by.

[151:01] Speaker 3: Uh huh.

[152:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: What she's offering is what people desire and they want. And so what's interesting is that sometimes like looking like, Oh, wow. Like, that's fluff, but like that market is responding to that. Just interesting. Yeah, so why is the market responding to that? Yeah?

[158:58] Adele Best: Well, it's maybe who she's it's maybe who her target client is. Yes, I personally don't really value manifestation work when it comes from the angle that it's coming from. I do think there's a biblical type of manifestation, but it's not okay, you know, it's, it's the same kind of thing, but it's just coming from a different, solid, spiritual foundation. So I could talk about it for ages, but it's Yeah, but I still want to have that kind of very elevated Lux esthetic, so I'm building a website at the minute that's going to be very like that.

[168:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what's the question that you have specifically?

[169:41] Adele Best: Well, any tips for like, the copy like, have you like? Have you like? Can you click on her website and look at her copy and tell me any observations you make? Because I don't. I'm not. I'm like, Does her copy on her website follow, you know, pain points and here's my story and how I'm going to help you, or is she very kind of like desire marketing? You know, she's speaking very much to like power and leadership and luxury wealth. Yeah. Okay,

[183:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: so like this copy right here. This is the pain point right there.

[186:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay, yeah, most, most people's memberships don't necessarily speak to because she's probably selling this through other avenues. Okay, so here's this one three day activation,

[191:33] Adele Best: I think her lead mic, she's got a she has a she has a podcast which is kind of like her lead magnet, and she has, like a free audio activation as lead magnet. That's the only free stuff. She has a podcast and an audio activation, and then everything else is paid. She does group coaching. Think she does something in Telegram, yeah. Yeah,

[199:41] Adele Best: she talks about God a lot.

[200:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so here's, so here's the thing with this, because of the podcast, you're, you're, you're missing that piece to it, because that's where a lot of the the buy in is going to come from, for most people, is off of that podcast, yeah? And so because of that, a lot of the sales language might be in the podcast itself. Yeah, be a lot less on these landing pages. Yeah, that's a different

[208:50] Adele Best: Do you think I should start a podcast or a YouTube channel? Do you want to?

[210:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you want to talk every week and make content that way as your

[212:08] Adele Best: Well, I definitely, I definitely want to have a YouTube channel. Definitely YouTube, okay,

[214:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so I could just, I don't think it would hurt. I think I think it's just, it's another, it's another avenue of reaching people. I think podcasts is definitely a great way of reaching people. Yeah, because I really like,

[218:37] Adele Best: I want my I want my brand to be very esthetic driven, if it's going to be on Instagram. Instagram is a very esthetic platform. I think, yeah,

[221:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: esthetics has to do with probably more attracting the type of person you're looking for. Yeah. Do to be careful, though, because this can also become a big distraction trying to look a certain way and all that. Yeah, and crafting now a podcast and all those as it's a lot of busy work. Yeah, then we'll take time and then, and then it ends up moving you away from really the part of connecting with people that is going to be the most important thing, because that the most important thing is you making some connection with people. A lot of times, people like Jenna's brand. They don't build that brand to look that way until they have an established client base already. Mm, hmm. And the reason why is because it's just kind of, it's just, can be a waste of time, yeah, a lot of effort and energy. Into developing out podcasts and all these different things, and how you how we're presenting ourselves, like you can, you can do like some of that and surface level, like, start from that foundation. That's fine. But the the issue is, and I don't want certain things to become a distraction from doing the stuff that's going to produce sales for you in your business. Yeah.

[247:37] Adele Best: So if I wanted to eventually evolve a brand into something like that eventually, then what should I do to get the ball rolling? Obviously, just create a low ticket offer, put some ads behind it,

[250:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: to have some offers, and I can still connecting with you, so I can just still focus on some zoom calls with you.

[252:37] Adele Best: Yeah, okay,

[253:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, that's, that's where we want to start. We want to gather some people in your space and create that connection first. Is like we're talking about

[258:25] Adele Best: so I can just have like one $7 offer upselling to another offer, if I just work on like one mini offer to a main offer, and just work around creating that and content around it, and creating, getting, trying to get people into that first, that's it just that,

[263:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you want to find, you want to find an offer that you can really drive people to that that's going to get the kind of response that you're looking for all different avenues to drive people into That, offer? Yeah.

[267:06] Adele Best: So if you look at her offers, like, she talks a lot about frequency and like internal work, like a lot of her work, is very, you know, it's, it's not strategy, it's not, it's not a concrete result. It's very, I find very, I think her work's very fluffy. But anyway, that's my just my opinion on

[272:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that market. It's not, yeah. So there's the, there is the, see what you gotta you gotta realize there is a whole niche of, like, wealth manifestation market, yeah, the subset of the market. So I want to refer back to Jeremiah.

[279:40] Adele Best: I told you before, Jeremiah Ultimate Sales Letter, yeah, Jeremiah told you before. I wanted to kind of be like Myron golden talks about wealth, and he just basically preaches from the Bible. I kind of want to do that with, like, luxury branding. That's basically what I want to do. I want to do that start

[283:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: by preaching from the Bible,

[284:23] Adele Best: okay, about wealth and about manifestation and multiplication.

[285:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, add the luxury side of it after you get that ball rolling where you're actually, yeah, showing up with people, okay, that's, that's what I'm saying, is Yeah, is you want to, like, show up with people, yeah, then add the branding, rather than the other way around, which is, yes, the the it's just not effective to add all this branding and then try to launch your message. Get the message out there, get some of that momentum of like. You're you're speaking, talking, yeah, people on Zoom calls, you're doing, you're doing content on social media and like, and you're doing that and the luxury set. Now here's the beautiful thing. Is, with artificial intelligence, a lot

[297:19] Adele Best: of the exactly, you can have aI exactly, a lot of that. That's exactly what I was planning to do, exactly. That's exactly how I was going to take the AI in that direction, because I know I can quickly create covers for Instagram very fast now, and even put me in it with AI so easily, well.

[302:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's even, I mean, there's even I want to show I want to show you something as well. I've not dove into doing this for our type of a business model, but lovable dot Dev is an AI,

[305:56] Adele Best: yes, I saw somebody on Instagram.

[307:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I created this whole landing page right here for my mom.

[308:38] Adele Best: Wow, with lovable, that looks really good. So what, what is lovable Is it like a all in one AI shop.

[310:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's an AI, it's a vibe coding platform. Okay? I would say, I would say lovable is the best vibe coding platform currently. That's out there. The reason why it's really between lovable and replit. Replet is kind of a little bit more like, if you want to create tools and stuff like this, it's a little more complicated. Lovable has a lot of beautiful design built into it. Okay? This look at I literally, I created this app right here last week for my mom. Her health AI built right into it. You can chat with Sandy's health. AI right here. It has a whole it has a whole admin section where I can, like, Manage Users, I can update my billing information. Right here. It's all connected to stripe and everything.

[323:15] Adele Best: So you see the way you've created a website and a landing page. So say, like, does that have pixels and all for like, ads?

[325:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or, yeah, you can easily pixel because all you do is where it says, Ask lovable, you just copy and paste. Hey, I want to add the pixel, and you just copy and paste it right here. Oh, my goodness, that like you're just talking to it, like chat GPT, telling it what you want it to build. So, can

[328:39] Adele Best: I tell it to build me? Can I give it some images and go take this vibe and build me a beautifully Lux website?

[330:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and that might be something fun for you to play around with, as far as, yeah, website, that way.

[332:39] Adele Best: I'm not definitely getting ideas,

[333:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's really, it's really interesting. Just this approach. I just did a YouTube video where I kind of show how to do it. I created, sort of

[335:26] Adele Best: like, did you do that? Did you do the YouTube this week.

[336:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's, it's up right now. Like, I created this AI mental health app right here. Oh, wow, I'll

[337:51] Adele Best: have to, I'll have to go back and watch it. I know Tiffany. Tiffany's got very good on the Sora, and watching her, she's, she's flying on Sora now She's loving it. But, yeah, I'm loving the AI as well. And I want to take the AI down a very Luxe kind of brand vibe. And I want to be like, you know, teach wealth from biblical perspective. But like, but still talk about manifestation and multiplication, all those kind of things. But just like, drop, drop bits of Scripture into it. Like, not go on and on and on about the Scripture. Like, not make it like, really, really Christian, but just pepper it in here and there. So that's something that I could get onto YouTube and talk about for ages, and then take shorts from it create short form content. Yeah. So that's basically the direction I'm going in. That's where I'm at.

[351:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just, I just, I just told it to create us some a website and landing page templates, and we'll see what it does. We'll come back to that.

[354:56] Adele Best: Does it? Does it create, like, like, you know, like, like, massive PDFs, like, a bit like, you know, gamma.

[357:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ai about PDFs, but

[358:33] Adele Best: okay, I'll check it out. AI is just moving so fast it's quite hard to keep up. Every week, there's a new thing I like, oh, but so so so you are you gonna move Sandy's entire website to that platform, or you just

[363:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: possibly, I'm not sure yet, we're gonna just do this small app, and we're playing around with it, but yeah, just pretty cool.

[365:45] Adele Best: Okay, so last week was really mental. I didn't get the website landing page finished, but I want to have, I will definitely put it in the group this week for you to start having to look at me creating a mini offer, upselling to a bigger offer around that kind of vibe. And basically I'm finishing work next Monday. I've got three weeks off my day job, and I'm going to spend all Christmas creating content like really steaming ahead, that is my plan.

[372:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, I'm going to look forward to seeing that from you,

[373:45] Adele Best: yeah, definitely,

[374:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, yep, we just got to get out of our own way. Yes, that's it. Yeah, that's similar to rocket dot new. Rocket dot new is almost the same kind of type of thing. Deborah, yeah, pretty similar, same kind of concept.

[380:27] Speaker 2: I, you know, I had that passion app, and it's like, I don't know if I want to keep doing it, mostly because, yeah, and what I did put together, I can barely hear you. You're really quiet. Oh, I don't know how to fix that.

[385:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll be close, a little close to the camera, huh? Maybe come a little closer to the microphone.

[387:08] Speaker 2: Can you hear me now? Yeah. Okay, so I set my app out for a little beta thing, which is always good, because then you get to hear what's wrong. And everybody's like, you're teaching way too much. If somebody jumps on an app, they just want to get some answers, and they want to do, like, if the app is for EFT tapping, yeah. And they're like, some people will want to learn the behind the scenes stuff, but a lot of people just want to get to the goods. Yeah, so it was a lot of work, but I did put it out there, but I'm not sure I want to stay with passion, because it's just, it's pricey, and it's like, I don't I think they're trying to sell, like, pretty much the marketing side, but I'm with. You, I don't need that marketing side in my mind. You know what I mean? So I don't know. And I was looking at rocket dot new, and they literally, and I didn't pay anything. It was just like a sample for EFT, and it came up with it in like three minutes. Yeah? Mind blowing. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. So now can you, is this lovable, an actual app, or is it just a big

[409:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: web, web based apps? Okay, web based sites, things like that. Rocket dot news, almost the same thing. It's not, it's not like an app like passion is it's not exactly the same as like, like an actual app. Like passion is actually creating an app that you put in the app store. Yeah. This is, this is different, okay, you can build apps with them, but that's a little bit more complex, okay,

[415:53] Speaker 2: and that's what I see like that is a benefit to the cost of it

[417:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: here, look, I want to show Adele. Look what it created.

[419:07] Speaker 2: Oh, wow, there it is, yeah.

[419:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you can, and then you can just give it some photos to throw different in there.

[421:36] Adele Best: Yeah, yeah, that that that looks quite similar to one that I did in gamma. Ai Jeremiah did that private wealth workshop in August. I got one sale from that looks quite similar to that. But yeah, it's amazing that. Yeah, I love the speed of getting things together, and it like the layouts, really. It's much better than what we could do in Squarespace, you know, probably spending a whole day, yeah.

[428:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: As far as, like, doing certain things like this, I think that this is where I think web development is going to start to move in this direction, yeah, definitely, where it's, like, you just prompt it, and you start to have your landing page type of a thing. I don't think it's quite there yet, which is why I'm still using Squarespace for my sites and stuff like that. But I think, yeah, I think it's getting there.

[433:49] Adele Best: It's gonna get it's gonna move there. Yeah, definitely. But that one that you did for Sandy looks, looks pretty good, and I think it would really appeal to that market.

[436:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, you know what I should do, just for fun. I should see if I can take this landing cage and make another one. I wonder if I can just do this. I wonder if I can have it take an existing landing page, I have make a better one with AI and clip all the photos off of it. Yeah, I just this is, this is how I like discover all this crazy stuff with AI. Is I just start to tell it to do weird stuff like this, like, okay, take my whole landing page and make it make it better. Make it better.

[448:08] Adele Best: Just just experiment with it and see what it does. Yeah,

[449:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, that's it. So, all right, Tiffany, yeah. Like, like, I said, like, we're, we're not at the stage of like, I would tell everybody, like, build your whole business on lovable because there's some complicated sides to it for that, but I think that we're getting close to that. Yeah, we're getting really close. I think I would bet next year we're going to probably move a lot of our landing page development over to platforms like lovable for everything.

[457:49] Adele Best: Do you Do you think lovable is good for, like, creating, like, a custom GPT for your brand, or,

[459:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: let go, it's not even remotely all right for that at all.

[461:00] Adele Best: What about did you not say it was vibe code? Vibe coding an app,

[462:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, just use chat GPT for that. Or, okay, yeah, when it comes like the custom GPT side of things, just chat, GPT has that already built into it, so which is helpful? Yeah, okay, Tiffany, what's up? Tiffany?

[469:03] Speaker 4: Hey, good morning. Afternoon, evening,

[470:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: morning, afternoon, evening.

[470:44] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, I'm having massive success with my podcast. It's just awesome. Got when I before I logged on, I took a screenshot. It was at 423 downloads since last Tuesday, and jumped 1010, additional while being on this call. I just checked real quick, like, let me go see, because I recorded a new one. So it's now at 433 and just thank you. And just last Tuesday, it was at 200 89 and that's when I got my new fan club member.

[481:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just that's the thing. Like, you want to start moving people from the podcast into a community where you can actually connect with these people individually.

[483:37] Tiffany Quinones: That's where I'm going. And I have, I have, so I have all these, like, moving parts, and so what I'm doing my best to do is to get really good at focusing on like I've been getting really good at dialing in, my messaging, my copy, who my market is, all the things that the values, the things that people want, the outcome. Okay, I'm getting really good at that. People are liking it. They're resonating the the Sora app has actually become my best friend over the last like week or two, since you told us about it, and my algorithm has expanded. Like it's people are loving it. I did a one the other day where I was playing in the snow, but I dialed in my hook and messaging, and it got, it's like, over 2k interactions. People like it. A lot of this is like, was it that one or a different one that was 96% of new followers, three or 4% was like, we'll just call them current followers, old followers. So I'm like, Okay, it's working. So stuff is working. I'm picking up momentum. I'm also getting used to promoting everything, speaking while I'm on my podcast about my offers and fan club and all this stuff. So with because I have all these moving parts, I'm like, I'm getting really good at, you know, sticking with the one thing. Don't quit. Keep the momentum, like I posted today in the group about my awareness, but because I have all these moving parts. So what happens is, I'll create something. For example, when I thought that I wanted to do a membership or a 10 day experience with me. I already started creating the telegram space because I want to do things like podcast style. I love that, and so I created it. It's in there. But then I wasn't quite ready to do that, and then you had sent me the message about the 10. The 10. What was it? Brainstorm 1010, different lead magnets surrounding my podcast. And I'm like, okay, Jeremiah is speaking my language. So thank you. That was, like the best thing since sourdough bread was invented for me. Awesome. So, so now and then, the other thing that I'm getting caught up on is the pricing. And so I think what my question is, because I have all of these moving parts, and I've been really great at obviously, building the momentum. I mean, who gets 10 new additional downloads in less than 20 minutes on their podcast in a day? It's like, what? So I'm getting momentum. Things are going well, and I'm really excited, and I'm like, Great, now what? And so it's, it's moving people into that place. And because, like I said, I'm kind of also stuck on the pricing. I have this big question mark as as to, like, now, what? Now? What kind of,

[538:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: some kind of resource like, five to $10 for

[539:45] Speaker 4: I have that people

[540:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: sign up for that and buy it.

[541:16] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, that's what I'm promoting currently.

[542:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is it that you're promoting? It's the

[543:15] Tiffany Quinones: you had worked with me on. You actually told this to me in a training. Um, it's a podcast masterclass that I did back in June, and I was going to sell it for like 27 bucks, but I pieced it together with an offer where people can be part of my fan club on my podcast. Use my fan club as the email like my like my email list, but with the $10 they get, what does the offer have to do with again, you did a training about three or four weeks ago where it was about piecing together offers. Oh, you were talking about how people pay, like $10 you were talking about, like, your Instagram ads offer you were talking about that for, like, 495 and how great that was going. And so then I had asked a question about, well, I have this recording that's an actual masterclass that I was going to sell for 27 bucks.

[559:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: When what's. Reporting about what's the topic.

[560:40] Tiffany Quinones: It's called burnout rebellion starter kit. It's tips that I walk people through, kind of like reclaiming their their energy, their confidence, so they don't get burnt

[564:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: out. And you're selling that for $5.10 bucks.

[565:17] Speaker 4: Okay, so I've been promoting that.

[566:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then do you have some kind of a paid program that's above that, that people will join? That's a higher level of of cost with you? That's maybe 50 to $100 a month.

[570:35] Tiffany Quinones: That's the part where I get caught up in how I want to do things, and how I've done things, and what I currently have. So like I said, all these moving parts.

[573:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're getting stuck in the mud.

[574:24] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, I'm getting stuck in the mud the weeds and the cactus.

[575:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So one thing to consider when we get stuck in the mud in that sense, uh huh, for you, it could be because, and I'm going to drop a big kind of bomb here, so Hear what I'm saying. Okay, it could be because I you want to find the offer that like what feels what feels right and what feels safe to you. But actually the thing that we need to do is not necessarily going to feel safe before we put it out there. And that's one of the big things when it comes to business that's unique is you're not going to feel safety internally about what you need to put out there. So you gotta find your safety in something else other than that offer itself.

[591:49] Speaker 4: Oh, okay, okay.

[592:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah. And so the like the concept of this is this very this is very powerful and important. The reason why we oftentimes don't do what we need to do in our business, or make the so what you have is you have a decision paralysis. Decision paralysis, which is where we're stuck in the mud making a decision about our business. We all experience decision paralysis. By the way, I have experienced it more than I ever have, since having two kids, and I have to work actively every day to fight decision paralysis, and I realized this stronger than anything else over the last week or so, is because I feel unsafe and I'm and I feel safe by being paralyzed, So I only feel safe if I stay stuck. I don't feel safe by moving forward. And so I literally, I have had to work through let me give you, since you've been having fun with AI, I'll tell you what I've been doing to work through this. I've been using Gemini and grok and chat GPT, and I'll talk about what I'm dealing with, with internal safety around a specific problem that I'm dealing with. And then I'll just dialog like, what comes up. I then paste all those results into notebook.lm, and have it generate me a podcast I can listen to. So then the podcast that I'm listening to are about like my situation that I'm going through, and what it does is I'm able to listen passively. It's about 20 minutes long while I'm doing stuff, and instantly other ideas start popping in my head, and then I start to write them down, and I dialog with the AI. Well, what I realized was that the biggest thing that I've been struggling with is feeling unsafe in a certain situation where I had decision paralysis. So because of that, now what I can look at is I can say, Okay, well, where does that come from? That has nothing to do with the actual decision itself is why I felt unsafe. It has to do with I'm replaying memories of the past. From childhood, literally projecting childhood moments of unsafety, causing me to be paralyzed from making a decision in the here and now. Okay, so now regulating my nervous system to say, Wait, we are safe right now. We are not in that situation when we were a kid, reminding myself of that and starting to believe that, and literally, I'm finding like my decision paralysis around that issue. I'll tell you the topic that it was related to is. Was actually related to my parenting and marriage and communication with my wife, interesting, major decision paralysis, getting so stuck where I would literally like I could not figure out how to get out of it, and I realized it's because I'm replaying these past memories from childhood that situation pops up, and I have to remind myself I'm not there, I'm safe. I'm safe here today, and so now i but we can take that into our business. It's like we get stuck with that decision paralysis in our business. It often times, has to do with some area where we're trying to create safety, but we go into this sort of freeze response. We're not in fight, we're not in flight, we're in fights. Which the what is it? What are the three modalities of polyvagal theory? I don't know the three modalities of polyvagal theory. I thought was really

[659:14] Adele Best: it's the green, amber and red, it's the safety, it's the anxiety, and then it's the completely unsafe where you go into when you get into dorsal, vagal,

[662:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: dorsal vagal, dorsal vagal. So that's what it was, literally

[663:08] Adele Best: functional, freeze and shut down, yeah?

[663:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anytime, like my wife was getting overstimulated with the kids, I would go into dorsal vagal shut down. Yeah, that doesn't work. Yeah.

[666:49] Adele Best: I go into dorsal vaguely, shut down when I get, when I've, when I've dim, scrolled for too long, and my brain feels like it's going to

[668:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: explode, right? So that so, yeah, so the whole idea with that is, there's a there's safe mode, ventral vagus, dorsal vagus, shut down, sympathetic as fight or flight. So it's basically regulated. There's the three modes we have, like this. Regulated is where you you feel safe, tons of crazy. It's great. Creativity flows. We have intuition, if like, if you're in fight, flight or freeze, you can't hear your intuition. Very difficult to hear the Holy Spirit, right? Yeah. Like, I can pray and I like nothing if I'm in that. So I gotta, like, I gotta, my wife was telling me, it's interesting. That's what the whole like die to self thing is, is I'm dying to the the self, like getting out of that and putting my faith and trust. So with that, getting to a safe mode where we feel safe internally. So when it comes to making decisions for our business, I go back to this, back and forth. I was saying a couple months ago, we need to regulate our nervous system. We need to regulate our nervous system. We need to get to. We need to get out of fight, flight or freeze when it comes to making a decision, usually when we're stuck, that's the freeze response. It's not fight or flight, it's freeze. It's that dorsal vagal you just kind of like, okay, I'm not going to do anything, because that's safer than doing something. You know, it creates a false sense of safety and security. Is what making a decision does, which is powerful, because it's like, okay. The reason why I'm stuck in my business is because it feels the safest decision to make is to do nothing right now. Uh huh. Even though I hate the results of it, it's better than the alternative. That's what our internal state is saying. So we gotta, we gotta. What I find is you're not going to necessarily create that safety in that situation itself. You gotta create it internally first, and then you can go into the situation where you create that safety for yourself, and then you say, Okay, now I want to go make a decision on my pricing. I want to go make a decision on what I'm doing with my my offers that I'm putting out there,

[709:17] Tiffany Quinones: yes, and I can tell you exactly where I got stuck because I forgot, actually. So I'm glad this conversation happened today, because I love doing things as a podcast. So where I got stuck is, I remember this day. I was in chat GPT, trying to figure out. And I was, you know, happy, and then I was like, but creating this podcast style, space and Telegram, I already do what I do. I already am doing what I would do on my podcast. So then I had this thought that, well, crap. I can't bring the energy in both places. So then. Then I think your AI was even helping me, and I was trying to come to a decision, but then I got caught on pricing and all this stuff. And then I'm like, Well, I'm done so and I completely forgot. So I have this thing in limbo. But then I'm like, because I also remember, and this also came up that day, I remember what it's like to put my energy trying to put my energy, the same energy in two different places, I will end up putting my focus more on one place than I will the other. Yeah, and it's like, I've already gotten really great, you know, results

[729:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: really good too. We're getting that dopamine of the results, so we want to get more of that.

[731:24] Tiffany Quinones: And I have the receipts and the track record of having a great coaching program where I did have a voice led container, where I went back, and I've asked some clients, like, hey, you know, I got their feedback, where they got the most results? Was it on the Zoom calls or the voice led container? And they have said it was the voice led container. So I've got the track record and receipts, but my fear is not being able to do my podcast and not being able to have the same bringing the same energy to this to two different places. Yeah, so that's where I got stuck, and I actually forgot why, until today. So now that you know that sense. So now that's why I'm also like, well, now what I have

[744:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like, I like this diagram of the of it, daily life, stress response, right? We go between these two ventral vagal is going to have safety and connection in both situations. Mobilization, movement, action taking actually falls under sympathetic nervous system, which makes sense. It's an it's you're doing something, but then it can go down into this rest, digest or collapse, freeze, dissociation, and we think of this as So negative collapse, reduced Association, could literally just look like deer in the headlights. I can't make a decision, you know, right,

[756:48] Tiffany Quinones: right, because now it's and because, to be honest, I mean, I'm pretty much doing what I would do in business for free. It's obviously working. I really want it paid for it, which is why I posted my awareness versus like God, now what I'm doing all the things.

[761:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's my podcast. I have so many podcast episodes out there where I share stuff, like, what we teach in here all the time, and I just put it out there. I record it once, and I put it out there and I think, Okay, what's one topic a week I can put out there in this group in my container that I'm selling. It's always about, how do I like, like, the conversation we just had? Tiffany, yes, I want you to think about that. Okay, your container that you're going to sell, you're going to have these deep conversations with people.

[770:12] Speaker 4: Ah, ah, the how?

[770:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so, like, you're not doing this on your podcast, right, right? You might maybe internally, but like, and what's going to happen is this conversation fuels the podcast, rather than the other way around. Right now, the podcast is going to kind of fuel that, but it's going to flip to where these conversations in your paid program fuel what you do in the podcast.

[778:01] Speaker 4: Okay, yeah, and

[778:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: so, and then just realize they're just different ways that you show up with people. I think I've had the beautiful privilege of working with a lot of like, semi, semi famous celebrity type leaders, like they're, they're a celebrity in their space. They have millions of followers. They did and I and and they had that before I started working with them. So I remember, like, when working with Danny Johnson and working with Rick Pino and all that, here's how I always found that they would split. This is like, okay, mass messaging is just like, Okay. They have some inspiration. They put this mass messaging out there. That's what goes into the podcast. Maybe somebody asks them a question multiple times. They're hearing the question all the time that goes into a podcast. So that's mass messaging. But then they have these sort of connection communities where they connect with people like this, they connect, and it's a lot of vulnerability. So you make yourself very vulnerable in these types of containers and these types of environments where you can answer any question, you really get into the weeds and deep with people about what's going on, and that's where the value gets delivered is, because you're you're able to dive deeper in that sense. And so when we're talking. About the value ladder of our funnels, right? We have the free content you're putting out there. We got this $5 offer that you're offering, and then what we're talking about some kind of, maybe like $100 a month community that people could sign up for. Those are three levels of, really, your your boundaries of the how, the depth of the connection that people can have with you. Oh, okay, so somebody who listens to you for free, not a very deep connection. What's the beautiful side about that is you can literally say just about anything, and right. And then on the five like, the five to $10 side, that's where they're making a little bit of an investment. I probably put the most sort of like I want to I want that to be like, I want to put my best foot forward there and what people are spending five to $10 for when I say best foot forward, it's different than my best foot forward here in a coaching interaction. It's a different type of conversation. But I put like, Okay, I'm going to present myself well, I'm going to be well articulated in how I'm teaching and things like that. And that becomes my webinars, that becomes what I'm launching, that markets to people, then people end up joining into this community, into my community, and now we're kind of asking for an equal side of vulnerability. I want you to be vulnerable with me in here about what you're dealing with, and I will be vulnerable with you about what I have learned and how to grow and all that. And there's nothing held back. There's no gatekeeping, anything like that on that side of things. And then VIP level, we take that, right? I have a VIP level that's an even more intimate one on one access with me, as far as that goes. Okay, and so those are kind of how the value ladder. I'm charging more money to give closer, deeper, more access.

[838:26] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, I kind of actually have been actually setting this

[839:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: not information,

[840:14] Tiffany Quinones: by the way, right, okay, yep, oh, thank you. Now I feel I'm out of the weeds. It's just okay, yep, I thank you.

[844:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Glad I asked that really is the business model that we're that we're building, that we have. That's the model of a coaching business. Now you get to the stage where, like, where my mom is at, she wants to pivot. Her and I are having conversations about pivoting to where she can sort of automate a lot more of this, because she has so much content and information that's been out there, yeah. How do we use these AI tools? Right? How do we build more resources for people where she doesn't have to show up as much with people she's still gonna have to show up, right, but in a different sense. So, yeah, okay, so hopefully that that kind of helps what we've just had this conversation with for you to Yes. Now what we did was we together created that sort of safety that you're looking for. And that's what's beautiful about a community, is we can create safety together,

[863:04] Tiffany Quinones: perfect and and now I can promote, yeah, my telegram channel that I was already creating, even though I don't have all the pieces together, because I can still it's also, and I just want to add this real quick, and then I'll, I'll, I'm done. But doing the ads, it kind of also created a halting point for me, because I was using stand store, I was enjoying it, and then I couldn't use the pixels for ads. So then I'm like, well, crap. Now I gotta go back to Squarespace. But then I kind of forgot how to set up Squarespace. So then I'm like, crap. Gotta learn this all over again. So now I'm still at the part where it's like, I got it. I want to do ads. I'm ready to do ads, but now I'm like crap, but I'm just gonna do I'm gonna use what I have right now at my fingertips. I can promote it. I've got all the moving parts and move everything over so every it's not a, it's not a holy crap. I'm stuck in the cat. Practice land. It's just work with what I have, and don't get fixated. So thank you. I feel much better now I can start getting paid for what I'm doing,

[884:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I just shared with you, a version of that is exactly what exactly what I've been learning is helping me in my marriage and then parenting, because, like, the same kind of stuff was happening, like, like, my kids would start to make a loud noise, and I would start to freeze, and now I'm not even, like, hearing what's happening. I'm just, like, frozen in my own like, I'm unsafe, and so now that's not happening like that's that's starting to not happen. I'm able to be more aware of what's going on and things like that. No, alright, Deborah, what's going on?

[895:29] Speaker 2: I'm frozen now. No, oh, that was a great conversation about, by

[897:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: the way, not to say Uh oh. Getting Frozen is not something to say, Uh oh to it feels that way on the side of it, but it's, it's such a natural human like, we vacillate between, like, we're very social, we're very happy. Like, think about just the happiest moment to then, like, we're, we're mobilized, or we're stressed, or then we're just, we're frozen, we can't do anything. I'm, I'm overwhelmed, stressed out, shut down. We just, that's just, that's actually, I'm learning, like, that's part of the human experience, yeah.

[906:30] Speaker 2: And then we can learn tools to kind of when it happens. You know, we

[907:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: can learn tools to help kind of navigate ourselves through those areas.

[909:21] Speaker 2: Yes, I have a great EFT on overwhelm. Tiffany, awesome. I have a very Christ centered EFT on that and sat with somebody. And the message was, I think, a total of 12 minutes, but six of it was me talking about Jesus being in the Garden of Gethsemane, and how he swept tears of blood, and how those tears of blood, there's a definition of it. I can't seem to think of it in the moment. But anyway, the person sitting next to me watching this, so, like, this is really great teaching and everything. But if somebody's overwhelmed, they want to get to the tapping part, you know? Yeah, it's like, so anyway, I'm gonna be breaking it up. I still can reuse the content, yeah? So I just want to let you know I kind of dipped out, but I had some tooth stuff going on, and then we had holiday, but yeah, I am behind the scenes.

[925:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what was your question that you wanted us to go over here? You ready for that?

[927:16] Speaker 2: How, which one of your classes shows us like on the back end, not this here, but in your, I can't remember what was called membership part. Yeah, which one goes over, connecting your web page to your landing page over to Facebook.

[933:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you mean by connecting it over to, oh, like the pixel I if that's the word yes for running ads, yes, yeah, so in the ads, beginners, course I do that. Okay, there's also one in the Learning Library, okay, called Facebook pixel clarity. I think you would like that one. Okay, because it really kind of breaks down. It goes through that side of it. And by the way, I realized a lot of people don't know, like a pixel isn't an image. A pixel is this connection on your website that tells meta, are people clicking this ad? Are they clicking the purchase link? Are they doing that? So then it tells the AI inside of meta, okay, show the ads to more people that are like those that are already clicking. That's why the pixel is so important, because it tells the algorithm to put the ads directly in front of the right people.

[947:12] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, alright. Well, I'm working on something, and when I get my puzzle pieces together, maybe I can pop it over

[949:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: into our little Facebook group, yeah, bring it in there, and then we can, we can check it out, take a look at

[951:11] Speaker 2: it from there. So hopefully we'll see the work that you've been pouring into us showing up in my life.

[953:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, I definitely, I definitely have seen it showing up, for sure, for

[954:36] Speaker 2: everybody else. I mean, I you guys are doing great, Tiffany's doing great, Dell's doing great. You're doing great too, great too.

[956:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're doing great too. You gotta tell yourself that,

[957:24] Speaker 2: yes, I do. So I have, I have a date with my daughter, who's visiting. So I have to scoot. But I just wanted to jump in and reconnect. And. And I will, Oh, I already forgot. Okay, I'll go watch the end of this video so I can find out the lessons I need to

[962:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: go over. Um, it's going to be again in the Learning Library, the Facebook pixel clarity course, okay, and then the the in the beginners courses, there's the Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners course that I did okay earlier this year. So those two will be the best to look at.

[968:09] Speaker 2: Alright. You take care. Alright. Thank

[968:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Right? Adele, what's up? Adele, yeah, I

[969:34] Adele Best: just wanted to touch on that nervous system stuff. So before I find you. Jeremiah, I did a coaching program with a guy called Rick William, Rick Williams, or Rick William, and he took us through this nervous system training where it was like a meditation, but he like, he was like, making us imagine ourselves in a happy, safe, green place. And then he made us imagine getting stressed, going into yellow and feeling in our body. And then he imagined us getting, he said, Now imagine yourself getting really depressed and getting into the red. And then he started speeding it up so that we were able to shift states, so we were able to control our internal state with our mind, so we were able to quickly move through those states, quicker and quicker and quicker until we were running them and they weren't running us. So that's what he was training us to do. So just if that's helpful for anybody, you can maybe find, you know, audios on that that we can work on that, you know, to get to get out of those states when we're not green faster, right? Like when we get stuck on our landing pages, and we're like, oh, I'm in red, I'm in shutdown. Like, we can't just stay there. We gotta do you're

[988:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: not gonna get out of that by thinking about your landing page. Yeah, working. That was one of the things that I thought of. I was like, Okay, I'm gonna meditate on my on this, being this landing page, being easier. And that didn't work. I'm like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm stuck. So I'm gonna meditate on me being really strong in my

[994:25] Adele Best: Do you have, like, a place where you can go in your head, where, like, a place where a memory or place a physical place where you where you feel safe, and you can take yourself back there, and you can have, like, you know, a smell and a tactile thing, and you can just put your state back in that same place. You can do,

[998:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, um, no, I would, I would say it comes in different things. Like for me, it could might be moving my body going, yes, it could be definitely, yeah. I will say like I was doing a lot where I would like do meditation, but I found I was just falling asleep when I would do that.

[1004:36] Adele Best: Yeah, I find getting getting active, going, going

[1005:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: from a freeze response to meditation, doesn't necessarily work. So it's actually yeah, because you're too frozen, I'm already frozen.

[1007:31] Adele Best: So yeah, when you're in, when you're in, when you're when you're in shutdown and when you're frozen, you need a bit of mood, you need a bit of movement. But when you're in complete shutdown, you don't want, you don't want too much movement, because you don't have a lot of energy, but just a little bit,

[1011:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. And so I might do some movement for something else that's unrelated to the thing that I'm shut down for.

[1013:07] Adele Best: Yeah, I find sitting in the Jacuzzi in the health club works. And then it gets I find that, I find I have loads that help in the in the health club, yeah, go and relax.

[1016:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I get the weirdest shutdown. Sometimes I'll get shut down doing the dishes at night. And I'll literally, yeah, and so then I have to just, like, go do something else for like, 510 minutes. Yeah, it just depends on, like, what the night is, or things like that. Yeah. Also depends on like, like, what time it is. Yeah, depends on what am I distracted about in my head. So I might be distracted about something I have to do in my business, but then the dishes, yeah, done. So then I'm starting to, like, I shut down because I need to get both done.

[1026:02] Adele Best: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm finding that whenever I get into that kind of ADHD, like, brain freeze, like, Oh, I'm finding that I can, I'm moving through it faster. Like, I'm not stuck there for weeks now. It's like, you know, ours. So I'm definitely my nervous system is a lot more healed. And when I first came into this container, it was, it was absolutely jacked up and completely wrecked. Yeah, that's great. So I thought I'd share that. Yeah.

[1032:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I look for, like, getting my nervous system into those different places I'll find, like, whenever I have to, I go to create ads or write sales copy or do stuff like that. I I end up again. I go into the freeze, I go into the fight or flight.

[1036:28] Adele Best: And but even when you're so experienced Jeremiah, and you've had so much success, and you know exactly, do you still feel like that even after Wow? So it never Wow. It's interesting.

[1039:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I do. I. And I have to just remind myself of why I'm doing this, who I'm doing it for, yes, and that it doesn't matter if it doesn't, it doesn't

[1043:03] Adele Best: work out. Yes, amen. So I'll

[1043:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, I'll I'll freeze up, because I ultimately, I'm trying to control the outcome. I'm trying to control how it lands with people. Yeah, I'll try to control if it's going to connect with people properly. Yeah, I never connect with people. Well, when I'm trying to make sure I connect with people?

[1050:57] Adele Best: Well, yeah, because people can, people can sense that you're not being authentic.

[1052:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I connect with people well, when I'm in that flow state, when I'm in a flow state, when I'm I'm not afraid, I'm not fearful, I'm not scared, I'm just being myself. I'm just having fun,

[1057:26] Adele Best: yeah, just being her inner child, yeah, yeah.

[1058:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not trying to be a professional, yeah?

[1059:39] Adele Best: I find it really I find it really interesting when I look at like, G's brand thing, like, when she first started out, she was like, all, you know, the traditional, like, wealth kind of archetypes. But then when she made lots of money, she was just herself. She was just herself, yeah, wears a mask,

[1065:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah.

[1066:29] Adele Best: And I've noticed two years trying to, what

[1068:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was sharing with you at the beginning of this was about like you can curate the brand and things like that, like after we get the connection going with people.

[1071:14] Adele Best: Yeah, totally, because it could very easily turn into another distraction, a procrastinating tool, yeah, yeah, okay, I know I get that all right.

[1075:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ray, what's going on? Ray, how are you?

[1077:16] Speaker 1: No, there you go, Okay, you can't hear me. Oh my gosh. I so needed to be in on this session today, because literally fighting through freeze. Oh yeah, like the real battle, and so much so that I've got so much to release, I can't sleep anymore like, you know, and it's just kind of like, okay, I've got to do this battle with my soul and my my nervous system to get them in agreement with my spirit And because my skin is like, Bitch, go and so, bitch, no, so I'm just like, but I sent a link, and it's the book that I was telling you about. I've got the I've got the the I'm working. I'm almost done with the sales page for it. Wanted to get your critique on it. I'm definitely moving those ladies. Okay, I'm moving those ladies off. They were just kind of like placeholders, and I've been behind like I was supposed to be the one. The link that I shared with you two weeks ago, I was supposed to be releasing that to in front of this book or whatever, and I've just been in fight mode, fight mode, fight mode and then freeze. This is good, though.

[1104:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is actually really good. Okay, yep, this is, this is this is good, yeah, switch out some of the images. I think. Okay, um, let's put some info about you too as the author. Okay, photo of you, that'd be good, but, yeah, no, honestly, like, I think the copy is, the copy is really good on it. Yeah, the sales copy is good, great.

[1111:48] Speaker 1: And so what I wanted to share in, within the container, since we're all being in my fight, what I've had to remind myself of and, you know, and pushing back on the overwhelm is that regardless of where I am in the in the process, that I'm not allowing myself to get overwhelmed with the I've gotta reach the people. I gotta reach the people. And it's just kind of like there are specific. Specific people that I'm speaking to. So I'm not going, Yeah,

[1121:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you'll, you'll reach them in the right time. What you stay responsible for is just putting stuff out there at the pace that works well for you, and developing that pace that helps you stay in your genius the most often

[1124:35] Speaker 1: that part. And that's, that's where I've been with myself, like, you know, it's not about getting it in front of everybody. It's just getting it in front of the people who this book can't really help, because that's what matters. And then to one

[1129:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: gen one generally, like, when we launch something, it's not going to get in front of everybody, like, right away. That's a compounded snowball effect that happens over time. Anyways. So it's just meant to get in front of the people. It's meant to get in front of today, and then you build on that, you build on that foundation.

[1134:48] Speaker 1: Gotcha. So that's what I meant.

[1135:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's something that I realized from building my business, and then building my mom's and building other people's, and seeing that is that it usually always kind of starts out slow and then gains momentum, gains momentum. And so there's a there's a principle in the Bible of being faithful with the little bit. Yeah, and that's what it is you'd be faithful with the little bit that we got in front of us. Yeah? And I find myself all the time messing up on that, because I'm like, I want this, I want that. I want this, I want that. And then I'm losing my faithfulness with the people that are in front of me with God gave me all of that,

[1147:13] Speaker 1: do your point. So that's real. Like, that's so real because, like, everybody that I hear on this within the container who speaks, we're all pretty much genius. Like, you know what I'm saying, and, yeah, yeah, you know what I'm saying. Like, we all had this genius and was so brilliant, yeah, and we all just, like, we come up with the dopest shit and, like, right, right, and then, and then it's just kind of like we run into these little complications. And so it's like, the way that our brains are in, like our nervous system is and everything, I think small is what's best for us, because anything other than that will completely overwhelm us and cause us to shut down. We'll go right back to freeze. Yeah, okay, I need

[1162:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can sustain with a small group is what you sustain with the larger audience?

[1163:41] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, I did, yeah. That's really good.

[1164:54] Adele Best: That's a really good point. That was a real golden nugget. I'm going to write that down.

[1166:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's there's something I used to tell people all the time. They would be like, I see myself on stages talking with all these people. I'm like, Yeah, but what about the three people that talk to you all day, every day? Right now? Are you being faithful with them? Right? Cuz that's the platform that's God's given you right now. Right now, right? Build on that, rather than saying, I want a different platform.

[1173:16] Speaker 1: Word, see, that's why I get down with you, bro. Because, yeah, I appreciate you everybody here too, because everybody's stories are like they they help. Because when you can identify with it, it helps you to process it for yourself. But you know, if you hadn't, you know, accepted the taking the charge, then we wouldn't be here. And so I appreciate you, bro. Yeah, I love it. I'm good. I'm done. All right, awesome.

[1182:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, if there's anything else we want to get over discuss. We've had a lot of great stuff that we talked about here today, just about building the foundations of your business, creating a strong foundation. It all flows from you and where you're coming from, and I think we don't necessarily need, like to fix anything that's broken. It's we need to, sort of like, remember who we are already and step up into that. What's up?

[1192:35] Adele Best: Adele, yeah. So like, you know, it's December, we've come to the end of the year, another year has gone super fast. We've covered a lot in this container in this year. Like, we've just had the AI course and everything. So, like, what do you have any ideas? Like, do you have any ideas of what you're doing with this group next year, or what you're going to be covering, or what the next course is? Or have you like, obviously, we haven't mastered everything you've taught us yet. We're all we all still have to learn all those skills. Well, I think for the NASA stoves,

[1200:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the courses, I've slowed down on making like, new courses, I'm going to probably have another one out there that's about this sort of, this paid model. But a lot of the stuff that I teach, I've taught, yeah, courses already. It's like, I'm just going to make a new like, I'm going to make new courses as they're needed right now, but I'm Yeah, more in this space.

[1206:10] Adele Best: I don't think they're needed. I don't think we need that. Course,

[1206:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: every month I'm going to connect more with our VIPs. We're going to, we're going to ramp that up a lot more, and then I'm just going to, I'm going to focus on getting more people into my five and $10 classes, because that was that's just working like crazy, cool. And then, and then, how do I stay connected to, like, what's happening with AI, bringing you guys the latest stuff with that, like, all that,

[1213:48] Adele Best: so I see what, just what I'm thinking. I do have a question, actually. So if I did, like, a $7 offer with ads to to an offer, like, do you think I should offer, like $100 a month membership

[1217:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: and upsell from there, $100 a month, $500 product, $1,000 product payment. If you, if you're offering a product, offer a payment plan with it, or offer it as a membership. One of those two, you either do a $500,000 product and offer paid in fuller payment plan, or you offer a membership that basically adds up to, like,

[1223:37] Adele Best: I really like the idea of a membership, because people can come and go and it's recurring revenue. Yeah, yeah.

[1225:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: From there, a membership is really great. As it grows, there's a lot more. There's a lot of pressure in a membership, because you gotta show up every week, yeah, even if, like, you're not feeling it, yeah? And so, like, there is that side of it, but I like that. It keeps me consistent, yeah? But everything kind of falls into the line with, like, this 500 to $2,000 offer of some kind.

[1232:30] Adele Best: Yeah, I really, I really like the idea of school, because it's, it's a really good place to capture testimonials. When people write something, you can really use that in one place. And I like the community aspect of it, because I was in Jamie c1's last year. So I know how she did it, and she did it. She just had one call a month, and she had lots of, like, really beautifully branded stuff in there that was free. And then there was some stuff that you could unlock for, like, $27 $97 you know, just to kind of add a bit of variation. So, yeah, there's a lot you can do with school. You can still do quite high level, you know, elevated stuff in in school, and it's amazing. I love school.

[1243:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: My biggest thing is I want to identify where everyone's at, where they're stuck, and help in 30 day increments. How do we get you more momentum moving forward every 30 days?

[1247:01] Adele Best: Okay, well, I want to make a lot of momentum over the next three weeks. That's my plan. It's my biggest issue. Is my day job is sucking my time and energy. That's my biggest issue. So yeah, I have to really I've got an accountability partner now. We have a tracker. We put our goals in every week, and we hold each other accountable. My friend Sarah, who's a coach, so we're trying to use that as well to help ourselves really hit targets every week. So, yeah, yeah, okay, thank you. All right, awesome.

[1255:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, hey, I think we're ready to log off here. So it's been great. I'm brilliant. Thanks everybody. Yeah, you can all have a good one. See you next week. Bye.

